 No, like I said, I'm not going to really concern myself with that. Not till later.
 I wasn't told what I was working on...
 At that point... no.
 Yeah.
 The best thing for me to do is to pull out...
 I have these calendars... they're big wall calendars where I write what happened every day on it... and I've had them since like 1980... so I have exact dates. And I photocopied some of those calendars... so... I can't remember dates to save my life... not even within a year.
 EG&G.
 Yeah, this would be my second one.
 But the first one was for a different job.
 Five?
 No.
 Yeah... I hesitate because... I hesitate because I don't know.
 One of them did... one was Dennis, who wound up being my supervisor... who I still don't know what he was... so, he looked military... he was always involved with security and he was non-scientific for the most part... so, I don't know what he was... but he was the only pseudo-military involvement.
 No... he was just around... I worked very closely with a guy named Barry.
 Castillio... however that's pronounced.
 Yeah... after we got over all the amenities and what not, they asked me basically what I'd done since I left Los Alamos... since I wasn't involved in anything... was I just sitting around developing photos... that business... and I said no essentially I was working on these other things I was striving to get patents on and still maintaining a scientific profile, I guess you could call it... that I was still working on some other projects... I had built a small particle accelerator that I still have and they were interested in that... I had built a little jet car, not like the one out front, but a little one that was in a Honda that you could drive around on the street... and they were interested in that... they were really interested in where my interests lay... I guess where my true interests lay... what I would do in my recreation. It all related basically to that project...
 No... that had already happened. That had been done and over with.
 Oh, yeah. In order to buy a brothel, you have to... the only reason I got to buy that one was because it was already being purchased by a Japanese couple and it's kind of like a civilian Q clearance... you need to be cleared in order to make sure you don't have ties to organized crime before you can buy a brothel because it's a specialized license...
 Yeah. And I cut into their deal because I had just... after leaving Los Alamos I didn't need the nine months to be cleared to see if I was attached to organize crime... I came in... dah-dah... it's mine and I bought into it and started paying off the loan... essentially paying my dad back... for the loan... and, you know, I made money with it and left, essentially....
 Well, they knew it. They really didn't bring it up...
 It's not... I don't know... it's not that wierd, you know... I guess it is from an external viewpoint...
 Well, yeah... owning a business like that isn't controversial... I guess working in it is... but basically the business runs itself because the employees just run it the way they want to and you really have nothing to do with it.
 Yes... towards the end of the interview we started talking about what I was specifically interested in and, as people have joked about before, even the psychiatrist that I knew claims that I'm on some infinite power trip, because I'm always attracted to things that channel or use tremendous amounts of power, so I love being involved in weapons, or I like the jet cars, or I like explosives... everthing that yields an unwielding amount of energy and being able to control it... I really like being involved in something like that and they had kind of picked up on that and said, I think you'd be interested in what we're doing... we're working on a new sort of propulsion system and I said... great. And they said, that's all we can really tell you about it now. And to me that immediately rang... this is a secret propulsion system... and it has to be something really advanced... it's either the SNAP Projects they're working on with the Space Nuclear Propulsion, which would have been neat also, and I knew they were working also... there were mutterings about some hypersonic ram-jet engines that would eventually propel winged aircraft into space and there was also a chance of working on a field propulsion system, which I would have really liked. So I did have an idea that it was some advanced propulsion system and I was really excited about it.
 Yeah, the interview was over. They briefly had asked me some quick little questions, as almost to surprise me. A little science quiz type thing.
 And usually the... typically in the pressure of an interview... even a simple question they'll get you on. But for some reason they just happened to ask me about a lot of the information was about lasers.... and why, I don't know, 'cause it had nothing to do with what I had been working on, but I had, coincidentally, been working on, had recently filed a patent, on a new type of laser. And all the questions were in that area and I answered them instantaneously, as fast as they came out of their mouths... so I surprised myself, I think, more than I did them. And I think I left with a really good impression. When I came home, I was positive that I had the job.
 No, I was interviewed at EG&G and then... but I was waiting to hear...
 Yeah, here in Las Vegas. And, as I was waiting to hear, that's when they started dropping by for the...
 Yeah, the background check. They stopped by here, which had never happened in Los Alamos.
 That happened in this house and it was... what they were really concerned with is the chemicals that I had and glassware... and I had a feeling that maybe in the back of their minds they thought I was making drugs, or something along those lines. So, they came in...
 Three, initially.
 No, I think it was... two was... 'cause they came twice or three times and the first... yeah, business suits. No I think it was three guys the first time, 'cause one came to talk to me...
 No, no, no, no...
 Yeah... and he came and we sat down on the couch and started talking and they introduced themselves and the other guys left. And I think I even said... it's the second door on the right, meaning the bathroom and that's not where they went. They went all the way down there and started looking in the other room... and I'm thinking what's going on?
 Yeah, they did.
 I honestly don't remember what it was, but it was a badge and...
 I really don't remember. Now one of the guys' names I did remember was Thigpen... Officer Thigpen... and George Knapp, the reporter, did track him down and he worked for the Office of...
 Right. He worked for the O.S.I. , which I had never heard of... and that might've sounded like the F.B.I. when someone flashed you a badge so... I really can't say for sure.
 And right after he worked here and has worked here for I don't know how many countless years here in Las Vegas Boulevard in this unlabelled office that no one knew what it was and after George said his name on TV... him and his family all moved to Washington, D.C.
 They completely relocated.
 With two others... they looked around. They wrote down all kinds of things and they simply left. It was not a very long...
 But a little more extensive, I think, because I had gone on about what I was doing at home, I think they wanted to see what the environment was... so they came in and looked around and then they left. They kind of took a tour of the house more or less. 
 No.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 They spoke with her one time. I don't think it was the first time... she wasn't home the first time.
 No, I think she was with me. I don't think they separated her.
 No, it was not a typical clearance interview. They just asked what the neighborhood was like, very odd questions.
 No. Absolutely not.
 Yeah, they did.
 Photo-developers, yeah, least diabolical.
 Life was back to normal.
 Yeah, they came back again. This would be a lot easier if I was looking at the calendar.
 I tend to leave out, when I tell the story, big, important pieces.
 I don't know. I just do... I don't know if I'm trying to block it out of my mind or what but...
 They returned. The second time it was more overt. I was in the little photo room here and I think this was when two people came. They came in and I was in the middle of developing film, so I went back in there and the other guy came in and stood at the door and then, again, the other person disappeared. As he was standing in the door, he put his arm across as if I couldn't leave and I said, well, what's this about? And he didn't ask but five or ten questions, just normal things and I heard all kinds of noise going on...
 ... and I had no idea what the other guy was up to and then they left. So, for then on I wondered, now exactly what is going on. And then shortly after that was when I got called.
 No. I couldn't find anything. But I heard drawers opening and closing and I thought what... what is there to see because the people were here before... but they were in the bedroom...
 No... they wouldn't physically look for them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was connected to the...
 The light switch.
 Yeah, it makes a lot of noise.
 Well, not just tense... I would say that the excitement was diminishing rapidly. Now it was more like... you've stepped over the line and now you're invading my privacy instead of just investigating it and, but it happened so fast, I was left kind of with my jaw on the ground. I didn't... they must have had a reason or one specific thing they wanted to check on whatever it was and...
 I don't remember. No, I don't think she was. She was out delivering film... oh, no, she was working at the airport at that time.
 They came three times. 'Cause the time after that, Thigpen alone showed up and Wayne and his wife were in the photo room working and, at that time, my wife's sister was here, Kristen, and so everyone got to see him. And Thigpen and I went into the lab just to talk.
 He wanted to know about the house that I had just moved out of on Engretta, up here, and he said, the neighbors said you had someone living with you and we haven't been able to find him... that was Jim... crazy Jim... and so they wanted to know about him, what was the (UNCLEAR), why was he living in the house... he always seems to follow me wherever I move... he's just one of those friends and they had asked the neighbors... the neighbors said well, there were always wierd things going on at your house and I kind of explained, well, we had rockets in our backyard and they were just wierd neighbors and then he left.
 Oh, yeah. Much more so, much more so.
 Right.
 That's very strange, because I told them I could not give up this job until I go on full time, 'cause they had mentioned before you can go on full time we need to get you up to speed. So we're going to have to take you a couple times a week and brief you on some stuff. This is when I learned that the job was going to be in what they called a remote area. And at first I thought I'd have to drive somewhere to the test site... which I was never thrilled about doing. But then they said that we were going to be flying out of EG&G and I said that's a remote place... we got to fly somewhere. So then I almost thought that it was going to be up in northern Nevada or something. And the way they would call was really strange. There would be a lady calling and she would say, is this Mr. Lazar, and I'd say yes and she would say... for instance, it is now 3
 No, they called and said I had the job and they'd be contacting me for the flight information and that was the flight information... it is now 3
 I have no idea.
 Sometimes about an hour, yeah.
 Why tell me what time it is now? Well, I guess so there can be no error.
 You do not have three hours to leave... it's now two o'clock your plane leaves at...
 Well, I had the number there, in fact, the first time I said, boy, that's wierd and I thought I'd call Dennis. And I had the number and I called down there and they said, There's no one by that name that works here.
 And I said, well, that's wonderful. And I said, is there another extension... and they said no, we have the list and there's no one here that works there and so I said fine and I went down there at 4
 No, I... maybe so...
 Right.
 Well, I really didn't take anything just my...
 Yeah. Well, it was always after 3
 No, I never spent the night. The latest flight I ever had was like 11
 McCarren to Area 51.
 Oh... I don't know... it's maybe a half an hour.
 A hundred fifty... a hundred and fifteen miles, something like that. It's nothing.
 The first day was all paperwork, nothing, never even got to go out to S4... landed at Groom Lake and just was taken off the bus in a little tour bus kind of thing.
 Yeah... other people on the plane. It was by no means full. It was like a 727.
 I don't know where they went. Only once did other people come with me down to S4... most people just went to Groom, which does all kinds of secret stuff, but nothing... no alien technology.
 Oh, absolutely.
 Almost always.
 Nothing.
 You really can't hear people talking on a plane. And we landed and I went inside and the first thing was processing... signing papers... that's where I originally got my badge and...
 No, no, no... that was the next trip.
 Yeah, this was authorization for... what did they call it...
 Yeah...
 Yeah, I'm trying to think again of the exact... for monitoring of telecommunications, I think was what it was...
 Yeah, I think it was telecommunications... but briefly it was permission to phone tap.
 Yeah, there was a security related... they did something like that just was Q clearance, but it was a little more robust I guess. That was the first time I was a guard... or pseudo military persons.
 This was separate... it was after a lot of paperwork had been done and then I was lead into another room which was small. One little desk in there and there was another paramilitary guy sitting there and a guard, a typical guard, desert camouflage and his gun and all that stuff. And I sit down in the chair, which is against the wall, and he said, we just wanted to not remind you, but I guess impress upon you the security that you're dealing with here and he went into everything. He was kind of friendly the first time... I had I guess not conflicts, but I had contact with these guys later on and he's the one that really laid it out for me and said these guys do nothing. All they do is wait. That's there job is to wait for a conflict to arise or for something to go wrong. So we expect to see your badge in plain view, we expect to see it here, we don't expect you to put it in your pocket or leave it in your desk, because frankly you're going to have to... he went into the whole nine yards as far as what their job was here. And what it was going to be like in the area I was working on. He said, it's going to feel oppressive at times, but that's just in the interest of security and blah blah blah. And then his buddy there...
 I don't remember how many days away that was, but shortly after there was the same type of phone call... It's 4
 Well, now I was excited because I know the preliminary stuff was out of the way, because, in fact, if I remember, the first day was kind of a blur because nothing really happened that day. Towards the end of the day, they said okay now we're going to go down to the area you're going to work at. And Dennis never came back. At that time they put me in the cafeteria and I was just hanging out there, eating candy bars and they had a TV and I was just watching something stupid and by the time he came back he said we're not going to have time so we're just going to catch the flight out. So we left. So, I knew that we were at least at that point so when I was going back the second time, I knew I would at least be going to where I was going to work and hopefully see what I was going to be working on. And that's exactly what happened. We went down to EG&G terminal, flew out of McCarren... same scenario all over again... landed there... but this time almost immediately we went from there to a school bus... a Bluebird school bus that was painted dark navy blue and it had no... the windows were painted along with the bus. The only windows were in the front. Which I thought was really odd.
 I'd say me and Dennis, the driver, a guard and one other guy, who sat all the way up front and we sat all the way in back. And the guard stood holding one of the rails, though there were four hundred seats open... he stood at one of the rails looking at us while we were driving.
 No, most specifically so I couldn't look out front. Which is ridiculous. I mean you can still see around him, but so we got on a dirt road.
 It was like an every day...
 Yeah, he was basically making small talk. Exactly, not saying anything about what was coming up, but...
 It's not that it was an unspoken agreement it's just that I really don't do that anyway. I assume it's coming... so... I'm really not that talkative when put alone with people I don't know.
 I was convinced that it was going to be something like that. Especially now that we're out at the nuclear test site going through a remote area, now I was becoming convinced that it was nuclear space propulsion.
 Oh, yeah. But for some reason I thought this also explains some of the military intervention here, obviously, this is weapons related so that made it that much better. But that has nothing to do with anything. So, we were headed out to the area and it was about a fifteen or twenty minute drive...
 Yeah, because it was a real bumpy, slow dirt road and...
 Oh, yeah. This is exactly like the dry lake. Exactly. It's on a dry lake.
 That was the road that we drove on... a road like that.
 I guess, I don't really know. It's a giant installation. I went into like one tenth of one percent of it...
 No.
 They're fifteen miles apart... it's just a separate installation. But Area 51 has the landing strip on it, so that's where you have to... if you fly in you must fly in there and go to one of the two. The nuclear test site has its own landing strip and that's way far away from either one of those.
 No, no.
 That wasn't... that wasn't uranium.
 Yeah.
 And it started burning it. We bought it in a rock shop and the guy didn't know he had radioactive material in some rock shop. Let me just back off on that for a second... I went into this rock shop... this was this time in New Mexico, because I need sources to test the detectors that I make, but you need strong ones and inevitably you can find, in good rock shops, the guys have really high grade uranium ore because they make... they'll have this big, black, square crystals and they are really dangerous to handle, because they're uusually hot.
 Oh, I came in with a Geiger counter 'cause that's how I find them. And they have all their good specimens and I just run it by the counter. If it ticks, I stop and if it ticks real loud... I'll buy it. Give me that thing. And, as I went by the counter, this thing went ... ZZZZZZ... and I backed up and got close to it and when I put the Geiger counter too close to it, the guy would back up, thinking I was doing something to his rock. And I'd say, I'll take it. So, he got it out and put it on the counter and, as I put that to it, he'd back up across the room. I mean they're completely ignorant as to what's going on. Anyway,. that's just a sideline... so, as we reached the installation, we went past it, because I kind of saw past the guard the big sloping walls to this thing....
 Yeah, which looks a lot like the Nevada power building up here.
 No it rolls out...
 Oh, no. But you can tell they did go to an extent to... I mean, they put drylake dirt on the door. I mean it was obviously an attempt to... I was just surprised they didn't glue bushes on it, you know.
 They probably would, if they could keep them green. But we went past it and there was a notch... there were hangar doors, which I didn't know were hangar doors at that time, and around the corner there was an entrance where you would go into the office area. That's where I was let off the bus and then taken into a small room and it was a very boring looking building, very plain. It looked like an old school building inside. The walls were concrete and they were painted with this light green for fifty percent of it all the way down the corridor and then a dark green on the bottom.
 Yeah, it was like an old government... how they used to do stuff in the '50's, 'cause I think I had an old kindergarten... or some building I was in looked like that. And everything was all concrete and metal doors... there was nothing fashionable in it anywhere. And I was taken into one of the small rooms and that's where I was first given a briefing.
 No. Because what they had given me initially to read was overviews... not really overviews, it was as if the other projects that were going on there all had their own reports or briefings or notes of progress that were going on and they essentially gave me two or three page excerpts from those. Why I don't know. If things were compartmentalized it may be specifically just to relieve any potential curiosity or problems, by the way this is what's going on here, should it have any connection to your project... but any other information about it is restricted at this point or on a "need to know" basis. So... I was... reports on top were the thin ones and that's what I was thumbing through, essentially seeing what was going on and what the project names were... One of them I remember being "Sidekick" which, I think was the first one I opened, and that dealt with the weapon or potential weapon technology of the craft -- is how it was stated.
 Yeah, "of the craft" and everything that was subsequent it that was in an unusual context... not like, well, we're working on this and trying to do that... it was from a back engineering stance... it was, well, we've seen this and we're trying to figure out what this does. And obviously they were working on a piece of hardware that was already...
 No, for some reason, this went completely over my head, because at the time I was a horrendous UFO skeptic... I thought that that was just a lunatic topic...
 Well, that's because I was exposed to this stuff. It kind of takes you past a second point, once you've had the privilege of... you wonder about many things... but if something is presented to you... this is now a reality... you can see it, you can touch it, you can work with it... then immediately you say, okay, now unless these other topics are accelerated to that level, they do not go into my belief system.
 I haven't seen them abducted so... forget it... so, if anything, that bolstered that line of thought. So...
 Much more. I said, after some time, well, here's the craft. This is an alien craft made by a different civilization somewhere else... not even in this solar system... fine, we can accept that...
 ... where are the cages and the big vats to put the cattle in and stuff. So, if anything, you become very skeptical of the stories.
 Maybe there are vast flying alien laboraties that do things like this... but who knows... from what I've seen this is exactly what I named it... the Sport Model... it's truly a sports car, there is nothing in there other than equipment to make it fly. There is nothing else. It can have no other purpose other than getting from point A to B quickly.
 Anything, anything is possible. I find myself stopping at certain points, I don't know if it's to preserve my sanity or not, but once you accept what you see and what you know to a certain point... I mean questions start popping into my mind, too. Obviously, there's not one of these. They must have been produced in a factory. And then you begin to conjure up ideas of a factory on another planet somewhere... so then you wonder about the social system, do these people go and build these things at a General Motors type plant and what do they do after five?
 Right... but it begins to sound science fiction after that point. You grasp back to what you know and say this is here. Well, did aliens bring it? I don't know. It's here. That's it. And you stop and it's satisfied. It fell from the sky and it's here... that's it.
 Oh, they were much more at ease with it... but then they might have been there for years.
 I don't know. They might have known a lot more than I did, so they may have been at ease because they knew exactly what was going on.
 Maybe... and what would be the reason for them knowing it? So chances are that's not the way...
 That's not the way it would ever be released.
 They'd take one of the ones they don't want, put it in the back of a C130, go over the middle of a populated town and push it out the back, and it would slam into the ground and they would say... oh, the first flying saucer is here. That's how they'd do that.
 That's exactly what they joked about.
 Just boom... there it is...
 They at no time talked about coming clean with everything, saying, oh, by the way, we've been lying for forty years. That wasn't even a consideration.
 It falls in perfect track with everything the government does. I mean, they probably have people that specialize in that already.
 I didn't mean to...
 He didn't stay in there the whole time. He left and went outside.
 Well, you're asking many questions at one time.
 Yeah, there was some feedback, but not at that time. It was almost intentional isolation.
 Oh yeah, there was no such thing as an unarmed guard. They... I find it very difficult to believe that they weren't monitoring me in some way. It would be impossible for me to belief that that wasn't going on. That they were sitting somewhere, in some room, looking at some TV monitor, watching Bob's expression. They must have. But that's just conjecture. After that is when they took me out and, I belief, if I have the chain of events right, that's when I went down to the medical facility they had there. 
 Uhh... yeah... I began to realize that that's what they were talking about, but I still was resisting the idea that it wasn't what... well, see my problem is... this has been so long ago it's melted all in to one long day. And I'm trying to separate the events.
 Yeah, I don't think... I know at that time I did not think it was an alien space craft that I would be working on. Period. That I knew.
 No, I don't even think I read anything that said "alien spacecraft" yet. I saw the word disc, disc, disc... but so what?
 No... it wasn't even in my mind. It wasn't even a possibility.
 No, I mean it was a disc craft...
 It was even... up until the day I first saw it, when I walked in through the hangar, I said, to myself, this is the disc and when I saw the American flag on it... I was positive... and instantaneously answered all of the UFO questions in my mind. This is what everyone's been seeing. This is our secret craft and all those flying saucers from another planet.... they're so stupid. The answers were all there. And then it was after that...
 Well, that's when we actually started working on the hardware.
 See, that's just one of those things... in my mind, I know I'm not suppose to think about the movie, but I can never see that being portrayed. They're just feelings. There's no one to say anything to... but I'm just telling you what I felt... the way it was.
 A hundred and twenty-one...
 That's right.
 No.
 Right.
 Yeah, that was later on... when we started getting into the heavy physics of it because gravity distorts space and time and what they were trying to do, and I say look back in time and some people conjure up images of a time tunnel... they're looking at distorting time in microseconds to see whatever event they were trying to observe through a gravitional lense... so that was a different project they were dealing with that... but that was essentially playing with gravity distorting time.
 Oh, sure. Well, I mean, we know that happens. That's not a theory.
 Not look back... it just has to do with gravity... even in small amounts it's like... I even said that on the tape that I made... there have been experiments taken where you take an atomic clock... two atomic clocks and synchronize them. You put one on earth and one on a tall mountain and when you put them back together they read different times. Because gravity slows time.
 After the second briefing, they took me to the medical...
 No, nothing obvious... but I was convinced.
 After I left there, the first time, I was positive the phones were being monitored, because after signing the...
 So, I always knew that, but I was more anxious to be part of the project than anything. I really didn't speak to anyone... not even to my wife about anything. Which later caused a lot of friction. Where you going? I'm leaving at four o'clock and I'm coming home at one in the morning.
 It's impossible to play the game the way they want you to. It's impossible.
 Unless she knows you're going to be working on secret projects. She knew I did at Los Alamos... but this is specifically why they told me that they work on the buddy system in there. You have one guy who is your confidant, who you can talk to, who you can bounce anything off of, who you can speak to, if necessary, after work, but you have to get in contact with someone else and, you don't just have each other's phone numbers... is what I'm saying.
 But that was specifically for that, so that you don't just sit at home and explode.
 Right.
 Right... it doesn't work is the bottom line.
 Well, let me confirm.
 Right.
 Went to medical... the only woman I ever saw there.
 Also interesting, there were no minorities, from what I could see.
 Yeah, everyone, even the guards were all white Catholic boys, from what I could see.
 They took blood. Three tubes of blood. And after that, they gave me a skin prick test... they said, you're going to be working with a lot of extremely unusual materials, and we have to see if you develop any allergies to them. And they did a little grid on my arm... a bunch of little pricks with different chemicals in them. And then I wasn't allowed back for two weeks. And I had to keep watch on that part of my arm. And I didn't develop a rash, or bumps anywhere on it. When I finally did go back, I think it was the third time, is when I got to see the craft.
 Yeah, still after that medical examination, I believe that's when I first met Barry. We went into the lab and I was shown around and briefly met Barry. This is who you're going to be working with and it was a brief tour.
 Oh, yeah, before I left I was asked to drink something and it smelled like Pine Sol and I was lead to believe that it had something to do with the allergy test.
 When I got home, it was still daylight and there was something wrong with my car. And I called Gene, a friend of mine...
 Lazar
 ... happened like that to me. This was sometime later, about a month later I had, I mean, unbelievable amounts of blood in my urine.
 It was a little plastic cup... this is part of the allergy test, but this was, you know, drink it! 
 When I got home. It was also extremely hot that day. Gene's air conditioner wasn't working in his car and I had seen so much and been through so much, I really honestly didn't think too much about it. 'Cause I was dying of heat stroke, anyway, driving around in his car. I just drank a lot of fluids and went to sleep, but sometime later, I had a lot of kidney problems after that. Which, it may have been a mere coincidence, but I've never had any medical problem, ever, I've never even been to the hospital... and after that, from then on, I've had wierd kidney problems. I've always blamed it on that. It might be a coincidence.
 No... this is still the second day.
 The third day.
 Correct.
 Now this isn't three days from when...
 Yeah, but now we're coming up on three weeks from when I first...
 Right.
 No, not yet. On day three was a different story. Day three I came in. One of the hangar doors was open and I didn't drive around the back of the building as normal... we stopped out front...
 Every time. It's the only way you can come and go.
 Always... he was always standing in front of me.
 No, that was the only time there was ever anyone else. From then on it was always Dennis and I. 
 Yeah.
 So, we stopped, instead of making the turn as normal, and got out and the hangar is... literally this craft is sitting inside of the hangar...
 Oh, yeah, the door's wide open.
 No, now he is. Now... he knew about it before... 'cause before we got on the bus he said, I want to show you what you're going to be working on and I said, great, and we got out of the bus and this is when that all ran through my mind... I said, this is the secret fighter of the future is what we're working on. So on and so forth. We came in the hangar in the entrance, walked around it, and this is the first time that we picked up, what I call, parasitic guards, that just are walking, and as you walk by they just attach themselves along side of you.
 Yeah, they did. They asked me to keep my eyes forward and walk directly to the door on the right. If the entrance was here... on the very back here there would be a door... actually this way... that goes to a corridor and I was walking here and he said, keep your eyes forward and enter in that door on the back. And I did. Now Dennis disappeared. Maybe because I didn't turn around. As I went back, I purposely came really close to this, so I could slide my hand on the belly of the disc, feeling that it was cold, just to see what it felt like.
 It was cold, so I thought it was metal. And to this day I still don't know... it felt metallic.
 Uhh... that this is the fighter of the future. That we're working on.
 Oh, absolutely, no question about it.
 Right. For one brief second, as I came by, the disc was rotated... the door was on this angle... as I was coming out, to the door here, was the first time I got to look inside and there were three or four people inside and I looked up, inside there, and it was the first time I registered how small the seats were inside. And it was the only thing that didn't make sense to me...
 No, but it was odd. It stood out in my mind. There was nothing that looked normal inside. There was no... I'd seen the insides of fire aircraft plenty of times... everything in the military looks exactly the same, whether you're inside a tank or an F16...
 ... they're all... but it looked different inside. There was nothing in there... and then I just thought, well, maybe they weren't seats, maybe they were something else. The thing's not finished being built, or whatever. It just blew off the top of my head, in either case. So I went in, again, into the briefing room. Dennis met me there... we went inside... now there's a lot of briefings to read. He said I'm going to leave you here for about an hour and then I want you to go in with Barry again and maybe we're going to have you start doing something... so this is when I began to read it. This was a different briefing room this time. And this was I think the first time I saw the "They're Here" poster. 
 It has it hovering right outside, if you were to look right outside the hangar door, just the drylake bed, and it just says, "They're Here" ... there's nothing else... no other wording... and it's a regular lithograph poster. And I kind of thought that was funny. But still it reinforced my idea that this was what everyone had mistaken for flying saucers. 
 These were extensive... these really contained just about everything.
 Well, after seeing the poster, it was already seeded in my mind that something was... that now something was strange. And immediately, when I picked up the briefings, I don't really remember what I got into immediately, but it was all back engineering, so on and so forth, and this was the first mention of an alien craft.
 Yeah. 
 Right. That was the first time. Immediately after that, I don't remember how it was worded, but they went right from that to gravity propulsion and that rings a bell... and that says it all there... there is no gravity propulsion system. And from there, they're talking about the reaction and it was one after another, and that really changed my line of thought on everything.
 No, no one. There's no one else.
 Right, this was a completely different feeling. It was... I reread the same paragraph over, I think, a couple times... because I, I don't know if you do this, but when you find something interesting, you just become excited and purposely start skipping to see if there's a punchline at the end... or what else... if there's drawings or pictures or anything... and so I found myself skipping more, so I go and reread it again, just to see, in case you missed a word. Somewhere... of some importance... like... The following is... just a joke.
 But there was no such thing like that and it was a very... I'd say exciting, at that point, almost... it's so hard for me to put it in words. It's almost like you're kidding. This is not possible. I guess until it finally soaked in a little and I proceeded on... and then began to read some of the lab notes and I think the next briefing I picked up was the notes from the guys that were working on the reactor. And that's really when it hit me because it talked about, there were notes at the end, after their entries had stopped, they had died from the tests and that's kind of when it took on a serious note. Very shortly after that is when Dennis came in and I went in with Barry and that's when we first started...
 No, I wasn't underwhelmed.
 No. Right after they had taken me out of there, right after I finished that briefing, I went in with Barry and Barry was much more laid back... talkative... made me feel much more at ease, type of guy... and it was... I don't remember what he said, but something along the lines of... you feel like you're in the "Twilight Zone", don't ya? And we were able to converse like that... more or less alone, so he said, well, let me show you what we've got... basically from the briefings did you read so and so... and I said, all I've read is that this is an alien craft from another planet and we're trying to find out what makes it work? And he said, that's where we are. Let me show you what we've got. And that's it. That was the first time it was actually laid out for me as a confirmation, he said, and that's when we started talking about my specific job. He said, what we deal with...
 Yeah.
 Ahh... he was a little older than me. About five years.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but a lack one. Not a regimented... yeah. And he basically, very nonchalantly said, let me show you what we've got. Our specific project, which you know is called Galileo, is going to deal specifically with the propulsion system and its power source and that's it. And, speaking of which, this is the reactor, these are the amplifiers and this is what we're dealing with and then, of course, we took a few minutes and then went into a conversation about everything. And this is where I learned a lot about how everything connects together. He said, there are other projects and it was really just rehashing things continuously. No matter what we talked about, I'd come back with, this is from another planet? Yes. Okay, and we'd go on.
 Oh, it seems like a long time. Because he knew the guys that were killed. So that had to be...
 No. That I never knew. I think I even asked that to Barry and he didn't know.
 Where it came from it was... it was both told by Barry and, in the briefings, that it was from the Zeta Reticuli star system, as if I was supposed to know where that was... when I came on, I started looking through all the star maps and it's thirty light years away... southern hemisphere sky...
 That's in the Milky Way galaxy, yeah.
 I don't know. I say I don't think it was a crash retrieval. Because it was not damaged.
 Yeah, and I find that so hard to believe... that is just beyond...
 I know... I'm just saying, I find that so difficult to believe that... there again, I...
 Right, I'm saying, because I was exposed to the actual hardware and got to deal with it, it makes everything else much more difficult for me to believe now.
 In the reports...
 No... that's later on.
 No... I was going to say it was like an accident report... but it was kind of on the forms that you would see that... that apparently there was a conflict at some time that dealt with munitions there were carried by guards...
 On the base... and...
 They were referred to as... no one ever called them "the grays"... that's what they call them in UFO lore... they were referred to as the kids... or, one time, someone I remember -- Barry or Dennis -- referred to them as gourds...
 Gourds like, you know, those things on Halloween. That was the only reference to them, but at one time there was supposedly some cooperation taking place and there was a conflict started that dealt with the munitions being carried by the guards.
 Yeah, from what I can understand there was a place where... I've tried to make sense out of this before where it was either an area where there were actual live aliens doing something... what they were doing there... cooperating or... I mean, they were physically there doing... or just alive standing there in the room, but they were not permitted to carry... I don't know if it was the bullets themselves that contained an explosive mixture...
 No... they just were not permitted to enter that area and maybe it was for the guards' sake... maybe something would set them off... maybe there was some wierd fields in use or maybe aliens didn't want guards in there... I mean, to me, this is an impossible set of circumstances... but, apparently one of them did enter and then a conflict broke out and the bottom line was the guards died. And that was the last entry that had anything to do with cooperation between the two.
 Yeah, they did and I can't remember. There were a lot. There were more than you think you could hide with telling people... well, a bunch of people died...
 Yeah, it was an unusual number... you can't imagine that forty people can be killed and there not be a news story about it. Which is another thing that rang in my mind... it just didn't sound right. How can you hide the deaths of forty-four people.
 Yeah, I think that was Barry and after I read his report this is what I was questioning him about. 
 Yeah... Barry came in and said, well, yeah a lot of these guards are handpicked that work down here... they have no connections to family and stuff like that... and that's kind of when a discussion started, well, it doesn't matter, you can't hide forty-four people being killed. It's just not possible.
 I really don't remember. I think it was more like... well, whatever... now, we've got to get back to doing this... it was just kind of side-stepping because neither of us knew for sure what was going on... 'cause it seemed like just the same briefing I did.
 How am I suppose to know the answer to that?
 No...
 No... he seemed very at ease with everything, though he did relate to me that at the beginning it was just as unusual as it was for me, even more so because when he first started there was no one he could talk to... so that's why I always firmly believed that...
 He never did say. He never said where he lived either. Though I had a feeling Barry didn't leave. I had a feeling that he had an on base...
 Oh, yeah, Barry was a happy guy.
 No... you can really get into that... I mean, even with the oppressive security... I mean, I felt really privileged... it was neat to be in on a secret like that... I mean, after I found out we were dealing with alien craft... you felt really cool and began to look down on other people...
 Right. Right. It was something... it was certainly worth putting up with.
 Some water... are you getting tired?
 No, it doesn't matter to me.
 Not two decades ago. I'm relatively sure that the installation... that particular S4 installation was built after '76...
 Almost positively not...
 Yes. 
 Well there are nine total. 
 Well, see inside the hangars...
 That's exactly what it is... a car show room... though they were all the same... they all fit... the hangars were all the same size... there are bay doors that open like this to the outside, but there are also big garage type doors that open this way... and one of the times I went in all the doors were open and you could see all the way down through the hangars...
 Yeah... and they were all different kinds, but I could never walk past... I mean the line of death was on the other side of the disc...
 There were red lines on the ground... marking lines...
 They were the desert kind... Desert Storm camouflage...
 No... they're quiet all the time.
 Ahh... pretty much so... but I was convinced that they had no idea that these were alien craft. These guys thought like what I did when I first walked in... just like they were guarding a secret fighter. 
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, that's when I made up the names for them. 
 No, this is the one I worked on... the other ones are from 200 feet away.
 Yeah, the silhouettes the only thing...
 I mean they look nothing like you would think... they look ridiculous... one looks exactly like a Jello Mold... the ones that you... you know, the Jello molds with the hole in the middle and it has all the variations like that... exactly... it looks like a giant...
 No... it was a solid... it was a flying Jello Mold... it was ridiculous looking... that's why I said this is the Sport Model... this is the only thing that looks like anything I'd want to own... everything else just looks like kitchen hardware...
 I don't know... I even judged this one... I always said it was thirty feet in diameter, which made no sense at all, because after we scoped everything out it was fifty feet and once you go to a hundred feet away... I have no idea how big anything was... so... they all fit inside... they are all approximately the same size... there wasn't like a two hundred foot one. I'd say they're all about the size of a house... well, my kind of house.
 Yeah... they had all died of head wounds.
 No... they specified head wounds... I think was the only word...
 Nothing... zip... nothing.
 I have no idea. Why would they tell me the origin of the craft... your questions are my questions.
 Right... it might have something to do with what you're talking about... but what would specifically...
 No...
 It wasn't a memo... it was like... it was like an accident report... you know how you fill out for an insurance form your version of what happened... it was a handwritten account from someone...
 It was a big white area of paper with printed text underneath and it says... occurrence was as follows, colon and then you...
 Right an alien tax form...
 Alien attack occurred on this date... right.
 It stated on it... it was like an incident report... I called it an accident, but... it was an unusual incident form... I don't know... but it was something like that...
 No, that was later on, but in subsequent times after that I was looking through there and seeing specifically what they looked like.
 And I have a feeling that the only reason that there could have been, other than to alleviate some curiosity, is they felt, maybe because they were getting nowhere, we found later on that everything in the disc is related to everything else... there is nothing there for, you know, aesthetic reasons, everything seems to rely on something... so they were, I think, stretching far beyond thinking that where these guys came from might have to do with how you start the craft... so they were covering just a wide...
 They reduced the amount of information... I never even saw what I think would be more beneficial... why would I have seen an autopsy report and not a metallurgical report? And I never saw anything from the people that dealt with the metallurgy of the craft... this had to be a military line of thinking because it made no sense whatsoever...
 Yeah, that is the reality. That really does happen... the way they think. It's their own security measures, their own precautions... if you want to call it that... that just destroy any chance you have of accomplishing anything.
 I don't know.
 I don't know. Maybe he got to work on other crafts... maybe he got to do other things... maybe he worked for other groups that were making progress.
 Maybe it was his life... I mean, if you, people really get into... you probably haven't been around physicists... but, for the most part, people that are the most brilliant... the most brilliant ones have tunnel vision, whatever their interest is... there really can be no one else in existence that knows more about it than they do. That is their life. They are complete morons outside of that field of knowledge.
 Yeah, they walk around in a daze... they have nothing... it is their life and when they are involved in it... they are completely happy. And if you take them out... even when they leave work, they walk around like zombies. I saw them all the time at Los Alamos... they just seem displaced. And, if in fact Barry had no wife or girlfriend, and he lived out at the base... I may have been seeing him in that environment, because I have seen other people like that, who just... this is their goal... your goal is to find out how this works... okay, you know...
 No, no, I never made it to fulltime.
 Once or twice... well, no, not even twice... well, yeah, there was a sporadic time in there. It was about once or twice a week.
 Yeah, that's what happens. Well, he even told me, you're not going to become productive until you're on full time... so, just try and bear with us...
 I don't know. 
 There might have been.
 Pretty much so... it was really strange.
 I just didn't do anything. I wound up on the days off driving out that way.
 That was when I did lie to my wife and say, I've got to go to work tonight, and I'd go out and just drive out near the area... I didn't want to get stopped by the cops... I didn't want to do anything... so I'd just drive... and I'd take tremendous drives all the way up through Tonapop (sp?), which is two hundred and fifty, three hundred miles, and come all the way around the other side of the state and come back down in the morning. I was just orbiting the area, just so I could... I don't know what I was doing...
 Well, it was more than a fascination... it was... well... maybe they're going to be flying it or something. I just wanted to be around there and...
 Right.
 Oh yeah... a hundred percent.
 No... not yet.
 Yeah... well, it was getting wierd because of the absence every once in awhile... so my wife countered with absence.
 Taking flying lessons.
 No.
 The fact that it was an alien spacecraft...
 I mean I had no idea, after I left at night, if things weren't coming and going from other planets... I just had no idea... I just was thrown out into a different world... so that's why I felt like I had to keep an eye on what was going on. Though, I never did see anything.
 Well, the day I walked into the disc.
 Yeah... that was a non-exciting, very ominous...
 Right... it was odd. But this is after absorbing... all the work I had been doing was in the lab...
 Yeah, on paper... dealing with some components, but separated.
 Yeah... that's what we were working on.
 Well, some of it's big... the amplifiers themselves were about two feet in diameter... four feet long... the reactor was about this big...
 You know, I never noticed. It might have been right there, but at the moment...
 ... I really wasn't looking around.
 I imagine they would have.
 No, I could hear the guy who was sitting next to me communicating with the pilot. So I could hear half the conversation with headphones on... well, I had a headphone on... it was one of those... and he was...
 No... sitting right inside.
 Inside the hangar.
 Yeah. And it was just before it lifted off the ground... is when I had gotten in there and I heard some talking but I hadn't locked on to what he was saying. But the first thing I heard him say was Oma Prime Configuration Confirmed and right after that the disc lifted off the ground.
 It was slow and uneventful... it just lifted as if it was...
 Yeah... but there was no noise other than just there was a slight red under the craft right from the second hump on here... it was a blue corona discharge... just a high voltage glow...
 Yeah constant.
 No, just off the bottom of the disc... it was a loud, not loud, but a noticeable hiss and it dissipated very quickly... only about thirty or fifty...
 It really didn't do anything exotic... it lifted up once to the left and to the right...
 It was pretty much smooth, but it wasn't digital...
 The tests we saw later on from far away... it was tremendous digital moves.
 Right.
 Right... that's exactly how it moves.
 Who knows who was in there.
 It was twilight.
 It was going on and Dennis came in and got Barry and I and said come on there's a test flight going on... I want Bob to see it.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Well, in the briefings...
 Yeah, like when I said after there were amplifiers and a reactor... it was one thing after another... it was kind of an avalanche...
 Just this model.
 They could have flown it out... they could have towed it out... I really have no idea how it got out, but it was out there and it hadn't been...
 Oh, it was... it was great anticipation for it to take off, but it was strange, because I think at the exact moment it left the ground, I wasn't looking at it... I was noticing the frequency on the transceiver... that it was around 200 mega hertz, which I thought was odd, I thought... I didn't think it was possible to communicate on a standard frequency with something that's bending... working with the gravity amplifier... and, when I looked back over, waiting for the thing to... it was already lifting off the ground. It was inconceivable to me...
 No... I was just mesmerized. I only heard the hiss after I looked at it... 'cause I thought it was just a random noise from somewhere, but it wasn't even anything noticeable and it just stood there in the air... it was big just to be standing... it should not be floating, I guess...
 No, it was an acceleration... a very slow and then stopped like that.
 Right. 
 Yeah, just as if you'd made a correction...
 Yeah, but it absolutely did not do one of those...
 Yeah, it tipped.
 Yeah, after I saw what they were doing, I...
 Well, it will as they come into density in the grounds... at different gravitational levels it'll... it looks ridiculous when it's flying... but I guess none of that is perceptible inside.
 It's not... I mean that's exaggerated...
 Well, it's not necessarily a dip in the terrain... it would be the density underneath.
 No, of the ground itself.
 The density is... like is you're over sand as compared to bedrock... when you go to bedrock, you're going to get a bump.
 Because the gravity's proportional to...
 A couple minutes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There was the slightest bit... and I don't think it was from that... I think it was from the updraft... of it moving up... it just sucked up... and then it fell back down... but there was no wierd swirling while it was in the air... it just came back down...
 I never saw that happen. I can't imagine what would happen if you walked under it... I heard specifically, as if someone had done it, because Barry told me that if you walk under it you can see only the sky above it. Because of the way the amplifiers work, they're bending the light around it so if you stand here and look above it... you can only see the clouds, cause your vision...
 No, it makes perfect sense...
 Well, see I saw demonstrations like that with the amplifier in the lab so I know that is probably what happens.
 Not that I know of... and there were only 22 in total.
 Well, it depends on the vantage point... but you don't know what'll happen... I don't know what'll happen if you walk directly under the locus of the amplifier... is it like walking into a column (?) are you crashed or does nothing happen at all. That I really don't know.
 Right. And, in fact, Barry telling the story that that's what you'd see underneath, it almost makes me think someone did that.
 Well, if you're on top of it... if you touch it... but when it's that high up in the air, I don't think...
 Yeah, that's probably it's proximity to the ground...
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Five months, maybe.
 Yeah... thank you.
 No that was the only one I was allowed to see. 
 No... then there were times outside... after I had seen the test flight schedule... that I went to see on my own.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's when I saw the most amazing...
 That was probably when I had other people out there... when Jim and Gene...
 Yeah, we saw a neat test and it was... I mean... it was flying everywhere. It was really neat.
 Yeah.
 Yeah... laying out in the desert.
 We were thirteen miles from there.
 No... there's the mountain range and it comes up over the mountain range and we were laying out in the desert.
 It came up and made wierd moves and blasted to the left and blasted to the right and then at some point...
 Yeah.
 Oh it glows. It works almost like a fluorescent tube with the amount of energy that's on the craft... what you're doing is ionizing the air around it... they really can't avoid that...
 Yeah, unfortunately, that's just the way it's going to be.
 Yeah, it doesn't disappear it's just an envelope around it... electrons are screaming off there and they hit...
 It's a sodium yellow color... almost like yellow street lights.
 I didn't see it do that... it gets brighter or dimmer but I didn't see it change color.
 That was quite awhile.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, because everyone had seen it... that was a great relief. That was finally when I had...
 Well, that's a lot of stuff happening. 
 No, it wasn't a math problem... it was... the first thing was identifying... we had focused mainly on the reactor... and it was identifying (UNCLEAR -- sounds as though machine was moved).... was number one.
 Yeah.
 Right. Which was my contribution to the project because we did find out what it was.
 Yeah... pretty much so.
 Two. Me and Barry.
 No, something else had happened. It had nothing to do with our project. But I know, from what they told me, the Soviets were involved at some point and there was some other really major breakthrough... something with the craft... and after that the Soviets were never permitted back there. They were never given the information either.
 I would imagine so.
 Well, maybe, maybe he was working on other projects.
 It was a big deal... but not that big of a deal. Not... oh, everything's easier now.
 Yeah, it was simple tests, really. Just simple steps that they hadn't done.
 Yeah.
 Well, it was that they were making it more technical than necessary. They were doing spectral analysis... they were doing x-ray defraction... they were doing everything in the world to find out what the substance was... they were doing chemical analysis, but... the bottom line is, the only time any of those yield results is if it's a common material that we already have data for... that it matches. 'Cause if it's a completely unknown and there's nothing to compare it to... yeah, it shows up, but it shows up strange numbers and strange readings and strange lines... and we just say, wow, what's that... so it was more of a simplistic view of what's going on. The first thing was... well, where is the gravitational wave coming from... that couldn't even be determined... there are simple things that were done... firing a laser over the top of it...
 Well, the only thing that can bend light is gravity. Is there a gravitational wave actually being emitted from the element itself? Well, who knows... there's no instrument to detect gravitational waves... well, if you take a laser and fire it a great distance and then near the source of the laser put the element itself... then hundreds of feet away put a piece of graph paper and make a mark where the dot is... if there's any deviation at all you're bending light.
 No, you can't see the laser you just can see the dot.
 Other things that were done...
 No, not really... not that type of laser.
 It was a helium neon one... if you have a high power argon one... bright blue beams you can see... those are real visible, but there was no need for anything like that.
 But there were some other tests that were done... the reason why we had to find what was going on... if we knew the element... it was kind of the starting point, then we could find out what the reactor was doing. After we find out what it was and how it was working, we later discovered that the bottom of the reactor was probably an accelerator of sorts. If anything it was like a cyclotron... where particles would rev up to high speed and then be diverted up and impact the element?
 No. That's almost exactly where... at the point they were at when they wanted to cut into it.
 What was that group "hmmm"
 No... not cyclotrons... but accelerators.
 Accelerators.
 No, because normally... even when you're working for larger companies or a national laboratory... you normally can not patent anything anyway.
 Well, you always had to keep a log of everything you did. 
 Lazar
 Right... the fuel... it was really the beginning of the project because now we can really ascertain how the reactor probably worked and we can up with a theory and we had to prove that now... so there was a lot more work to be done... but that was kind of a stumbling block until we knew exactly where to proceed from...
 Barry was always there.
 Not at this time, no. Later on it started increasing.
 Yeah... it was after the Russians left.
 Well, yeah...
 No... I was tied to that.
 Yeah.
 Well, I found out where they were having... that's what the Los Alamos connection was... they were actually working at Los Alamos and, at that time, I could get anywhere I wanted to at Los Alamos. And if I couldn't get there, I knew people who were there.
 Well, this is also after... it was after the Russians left, after the...
 Yeah, because they kind of thought there was going to be repercussions from the Russians... that, you know, we want back in or we want the information and there was just kind of a tension there and this is when... now I've already seen all the goods... and now it's already beginning to wear off... so, now I'm not as content as I was.
 Yeah.
 It's in Jim Croissant's (?) script... but you never read it...
 Would you get me some water, please.
 Right... right... some other major discovery was made and they were kicked out... information not shared with them... and right after that the military involvement there... or the pressure... the amount of guards substantially increased.
 No... they weren't analyzing... they had no idea what they were dealing with.
 Because... this is liquid gas (?) essentially... this substance was stored in discs like silver dollar size and it was used in the reactors... the way it's manufactured, these discs are stacked up...
 These discs are stacked up... they're taken sideways, compressed and then lathed into a cone... this cone is then sliced... like that... and only in that configuration can these discs work... when one of those slices... which if you look at one of those slices...
 I have no idea... it's very heavy and it will only work in that configuration in the reactor... for all that machining that was sent to Los Alamos... and it was sent under the guise of a new armor... and they were making test targets for the armor... and I thought, that was great 'cause it was going in as a classified material but they had no idea what they were dealing with. I knew the place in Los Alamos where it was going... I knew the building... I knew people that worked there... I've been in there... and it just really connected a lot of stuff together for me... that everyone really doesn't know what they're doing. Los Alamos had no idea.
 Well, I personally didn't take it.
 Yes.
 Barry and Dennis.
 No, he wasn't specific at all. Barry's the one that specifically told me that we're not sharing it with the Russians. Dennis is the one that told me well we've had some big break through and things may change a little around here and Barry kind of filled in the gaps... well, we decided not to share it with our buddies... and there might be some flak... so that's the way it was put.
 The Russians were there...
 The only reason I can see is if they had hardware that we needed to interact with...
 But I remember dealing with Russians at Los Alamos and, if there's any way possible to screw 'em, I'm all for it. Abso-fucking-lutely... ever single time we did anything... we developed... in the interest of science and cooperation... we were working on this super-conducting magnetic... and we had a big undertaking to have this thing made... it was millions of dollars and we could have really used it for our research, but we decided, well, we'll give it to the Russians for six months to let them use it and then, you know, take it back... stuff like this happened countless times... we'd let them borrow it for six months and they'd say... we lost it... it's gone. It was in a train crash... it's evaporated... and we'd never see it again... and this would happen countless times... so actually when I heard the information it was like, good, yeah, good... I'm glad... if we could have only shot them on the way out... I have absolutely no... because they just ripped us off continuously.
 No. Coincidentally, someone I used to work with at Los Alamos was working at the test site and this had made the papers... that the Russians were coming in to do some joint nuclear test site inspection... and Joe, who was down at Los Alamos, saw them come in the cafeteria and left. They went to another area and he never saw them again. And I said, well, I found out where they were... very interesting... a complete cover story... even made headlines and stuff and they showed up at the nuclear test site, ate with everybody and then took off and the only time they saw them leave again, was some time later when...
 I don't know because I always came there at 4
 No...
 So I have no idea... maybe there's a bell that goes off and everybody goes some where, but the only lunchroom I was ever in was at Area 51 so it's just one of those things I don't know.
 More guards and the guards being more obtrusive, I guess.
 Now instead of being outside the door, they were in the room. 
 Well, and in the lab... 
 Just standing there.
 Usually just one... even going into the bathroom, they would come into the bathroom, not just wait by the door. They'd sit and watch you... take a leak in the urinal... they would be right there and it would be just too... I got the feeling that it was specifically to intimidate us... 
 Something happened and they wanted you to know... this is kind of lock down... and they specifically hated me 'cause I felt like because I had never seen anyone else, other than the first time, coming and going all the time... that I was kind of the loose cog... because I was free to come and go as I pleased on flights in and out... and no one else was doing that and I really don't think that they liked that... they would rather me spend the night there...
 No... that stayed that way.
 Oh, yeah, always.
 Nothing, nothing specific... like it was just general rudeness... I don't know how to describe it.
 No... I never wised off to them.
 Yeah, just... stupid things... it's a long hallway to the bathroom and you'd be walking down there at a normal pace and he'd just give me a butt from behind, come on, we don't have all day... stuff like that... it was like... get off my back.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 I don't know, he was behind me. They all had rifles... I'm sure they had sidearms, too, but...
 I don't know... I just felt a...
 But I couldn't believe it, when that happened.
 There was great disrespect between them and us. So it was...
 But why would they have anything against us? We're on the same side, unless whatever happened...
 Right, and again that brings to mind the report with the aliens and the military...
 There again... there's the pseudo science going on and military intervening so... we're seeing a low level repeating of that if that in fact is real... so it was just too confusing... it was disturbing... I didn't know...
 Yeah... Barry really never changed.
 Well, he's not totally out there... he's just a guy at work. He's not anything.
 But I didn't see him enough... I was seeing him sporadically... every other week here and there...
 Oh yeah!
 Yeah... he was happy to see me.
 Right.
 That's when we started fooling around... like I said... we had the reactor running and checking the field out on it and bouncing stuff off of the top of it... doing stupid stuff.
 No... that was just something Barry had on...
 Yeah.
 A golf ball.
 Well, the first thing was... you started the reactor, put the reactor under and the ray (?) was just sitting on the table and then he'd turn the reactor on and he's say, touch it. And you'd feel... it's almost like if you had two magnets in your hand, but with no metal at all... as you put your hand closer to it, you could never actually touch the metal reactor... which is pushed solidly (?)... and on the base of it, he'd say okay now try and move it...
 No, no... total silence... and to move it... you could not move it at all... it was just locked in time and space essentially... it was just completely immovable... then you could feel that the field was almost elastic on the top and that's when we were bouncing things off it... and he wailed a golf ball at the top and it rebounded off and there's this suspended ceiling and it blasted one of the tiles and some of the stuff came down and the guard wasn't in the room, so we had an emergency clean up before the guard saw us doing anything... that was the only time we were concerned about...
 No... it just fell around...
 I don't know... that's interesting.
 It would just run down the sides...
 No, we did all kinds of silly things though, but...
 Well, just one disc... the bending of light... that's when they had one of the amplifiers off the craft connected to the reactor and focused it down and you could see through it and then there's just a black dot where you can see all the light was being bent away from the focal point... that was amazing...
 Yeah, right, that's exactly what it does... because the absolute first thing you did was try to look at it out of the corner of your eye, expecting it to move...
 No, you couldn't stick your hand by the...
 I don't know... but he just said, don't do that.
 No... another guy I met was Rene and he... I didn't spend a lot of time with him, but he was more or less working with another guy somewhere else, but he's the only other guy that I met...
 No, not really.
 Yeah, more or less.
 Ahh... still only one or two... I mean, not a lot... not even two days a week...
 Yeah, but what was happening, coincidentally, not coincidentally, but simultaneously, I should say, now... this is probably what prevented me from going on full time right away... at that time, my wife was having an affair without me knowing... and she's doing all the communication over the phone... so they pulled the brakes, and I only found this out after, they pulled the brakes on essentially letting me in, because now they're kind of at an impasse of what to do... because now they have a candidate for mental instability for social problems at home... marital problems at home... and they're more or less waiting for this to come to a head... sitting there listening in to a soap opera every day on the phone and waiting for it either to dissolve or come to a head or something... and I think that was the lag time that we're looking at.
 Right, right... and essentially at one point they just didn't call me back and then I began to wonder what's going on and it's in your imagination... that's what kills you because now time goes on and, you know, now what the guards have told me is beginning to echo in my head... why am I home and there's no one watching me now.
 Well... something about we do what is absolutely ever necessary to keep this secret, so on and so forth...
 Oh, yeah. Absolutely. Yeah.
 Oh, yeah. No, ifs, ands, or buts...
 No... not at that point.
 No this was before. This was way before.
 Right.
 Ahh...
 No, it wasn't repeated.
 Nothing... just tried to continue on with life as normal...
 Yeah, that was really difficult... and it began to get really tough, and that's when I started telling someone... that's when I started speaking to Gene about it.
 Yeah. It was actually a relief to tell him... and...
 I don't know... I just began to worry... I don't know if it was unfounded... I don't know about what...
 Oh, yeah. You can ask him about that. He... ah... it was a great relief to unload on him and everything and that's when we went out and saw the test flights and so on and so forth...
 No... it was some time before... it was kind of a slow unloaded... you kind of tell him a couple of things and then... the only place I would talk to him... I wouldn't talk to him in my home... it was either in his car or walking outside somewhere... I didn't trust anything... 'cause I knew the level of technology that was going on... I knew what the guys were capable of... so it would just be in person...
 Oh, yeah... there was no doubt about it.
 There's no doubt about that.
 Well, as I'll get into... they've turned up at places where they'd be people outside... all kinds of things.
 Right... now I'm home and she's disappearing at night. Taking flying lessons... but I knew you had to have so many hours of night flying to get your flying license... so it made sense...
 Yeah.
 Well, yeah... there's a lot of events that lead up to that. But... I eventually... well, after I told Gene it was kind of a... again a chain reaction took place... then I told her... and then I told... Gene had recently met John Lear... this is how I got to know John Lear... and found out that he had... we wanted his telescope... he had a big Celestron 8" telescope... so we told him a little bit about it... not as much as I had told Gene... just enough to get him to bring his telescope so we could see what was going on... that's when we were actually able to see... an 8" telescope from 13 miles yields a pretty good picture of the disc...
 No, we couldn't... it was just to see. I looked pretty good. 
 Well, it was a number of nights since we got away with it on the first night, we were just compelled to keep going back and...
 Always Wednesday night. At that time. Then... what happened after that? After that...
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 In fact... the first time I had seen that was, I believe, when I went to John Lear's house and when I pulled up in the driveway... a car pulled up across the street and I just stayed there... and when I left, they left and several hours later... at night... I was asleep and I woke up and looked outside the window... the kitchen window... and the car was parked directly across the street... now that's an overt showing to me... they could have hide around the corner somewhere, but they...
 Well, how could they?
 Right... and then going around with Gene... it was just once in awhile you would just be followed and then the most overt showing occurred a little later on and, at the time, I was going to work out with my friend's girlfriend, Shelly... and I just go to this Family Fitness Centers... and we'd leave... well, at first, it was either this friend Shelly or Mario I'd go with. And Mario and I left one night to go there at night in my 280Z and I started bringing my gun with me, 'cause I started getting scared... So, which, at that time I had an Uzi, so I left it on the console...
 Yeah... so I just carried that with me and it just began... we went and we parked the car. Now, I'm wearing shorts, so I can't...
 Yeah, can't carry my Uzi and I left my wallet and I just covered it with a towel or whatever was in the back... over the center console... left it in the car... and locked the doors and Mario and I went out... we came back, and he goes around the other side and opens the door... but the door wasn't even closed... both doors, the driver and passenger side, were both ajar... and I said, God... but nothing was taken... and I thought, oh, gee what a stupid mistake... it's impossible, but I remember locking the door, so, it was two nights later we'd go back to work again, and this time, same deal, had the gun, wallet, same place, covered up... and we go and we actually make a joke about it... we lock the doors and we close them... and we're trying to open the doors... we're shaking the car back and forth... acting stupid like, you think it's closed now... well, it seems to be... so we go inside... just thinking we were stupid that time... we come out about an hour and a half later and both doors of the car are wide open and nothing's disturbed in the car... and I'm going... this is really strange.
 No, just this guy Mario... and, at that point, he got really scared.
 He knew I was doing some kind of crazy thing... so I had him start the car...
 Mario remembers that well...
 I just said start it... I just want to see if it's running right... he knew it was...
 Yeah.
 Yeah... I looked underneath... I don't know... now my imagination's running away with me... So I get back to the house and Mario, not surprisingly, didn't want to go with me the next time... so I went with Shelly... we left... came back... and she had left her car in the driveway... and her doors were wide open in the car... her seats slide back and everything was gone through when we got back to the house. And it just seemed like nothing was being done other than someone letting us know...
 Yeah... you weren't alone... it was just to aggravate... not to aggravate me... but...
 Yeah, I always thought there was someone somewhere and it was an extremely... now I'm beginning to think, well why are they treating me like this... is it going to escalate further? So...
 No... same thing as before... as I called... no one here by that name... blah, blah, blah... 
 No... there was no one I could turn to and now it kind of starts getting scary for me... though maybe nothing was happening, but it was in my mind... then... I spoke to... it was originally Gene, I think, that said, what you should do is probably tell a news reporter or something... and, for whatever reason, just in case anything happens... or what... so...
 Yeah, we had several times...
 No... we hadn't been caught... wait, am I leaving out the... 
 Yeah, but I'm trying to get to the last time now... did that happen before...
 Yeah, just something wierd... but...
 Yeah, well, after we all went out to see a test...
 Yeah, I think the second time she came out as well...
 Third time... umm... we wanted to go out... Tracy's sister was in town... again... 
 Yeah, Tracy, my ex-wife, her sister Kristen was in town and we were going... me, Tracy, her sister and Gene were going out again. We're getting ready to go and John Lear pulled up in the driveway... just because... we purposely didn't really talk to him because we knew John then was a little crazy... cause we'd heard that he was into the UFO stuff and one of the only reasons I had originally contacted him was thinking I wonder if any of this stuff that he's accumulated is true. And he just let me...
 No. And he... actually the reason, let me digress for a minute, the reason I told Gene was, coincidentally, and Gene was just a pseudo-friend... more than an acquaintance... but not a really good friend, but I really didn't know very many people out here... at that time, cause I just kept to myself... he was just a guy on my photo staff who I kind of spent some time with and he had coincidentally, he's a real estate appraiser, had appraised John Lear's house... cause John Lear was getting it re-financed or something... and had at one time, while I was working on the project, started telling me about, yeah, there's this guy and about aliens and stuff like that... and I'm thinking to myself... this is a scream, hearing this and not being able to say anything...
 Anyway, that was my... that was the reason I first started talking to Gene. 'Cause that began to be big news here right after... John Lear started giving lectures at the libraries around here... so it was in the papers shortly after that.
 Bill Lear... yeah.
 No, his father wrote him out of all the inheritance and all that stuff...
 No, he's a pilot -- part time pilot...
 John always looks like he's sixty... but he's probably 49, I guess.
 Ah, yeah... he showed up and we... there was no way we could leave without him coming along and we really didn't want him to come along... but there was no way out of it... so he did. We went up there and we brought Geiger counters... binoculars... telescopes... radios... guns... I mean, we were ready for anything... so we go up there and we put everything in the trunk... and, but hide the gun underneath the spare tire... 
 No, this was just a pistol. We were up on the highway trying to decide where to go and everyone suggested that we stay there and I insisted that we go in further... which was a colossal mistake... so we got in the car...
 Right... 
 Oh, we were going to continuously do that... 
 All in one vehicle. And we purposely had to get a rented car to fit everyone, cause everyone only had cars with two seats in them... everyone, coincidentally owned sports cars, and Kristen was from out of town and she had rented a car...
 She thought it was neat. All of a sudden she's getting into it. So, we all pile into the car and drive out and wait until about dusk and go down on the road and we get in real close and we saw... well, initially when we're up on the top of the road, you could see this (UNCLEAR) sweeping the air... just looking for anybody.
 Bronco's just blasting through the desert all over the place... and we just stayed far, far away.
 Yeah, the highway's up on a ridge.
 Well, it was daylight at that time... and we put the tire iron out and made it look like we were changing a tire... did the whole... in fact this is all on video tape... even us doing the fake tire thing... then it started getting dark... the security people started dissipating and then we turned the lights out and drove down the road... just keep it in first gear so we don't have to hit the brakes and have brake lights come on... cause they'd see that... so we roll further than we've ever gone and stop and the way we'd stop was we'd just put it into park and it's go GRRRR-WHAM... so we didn't have to hit the brakes. Then everyone forgot about it... that when you open the door the dome light comes on... so it was like a spotlight in the middle of nowhere and it was almost as if the dome light was connected to headlights in the desert... we open the door and they just went... around us and we knew we were dead. So the concensus was we didn't want them to catch me so we turned around and started leaving real fast... but you could already see that there were Jeeps that were heading us off... closing us off at the pass... so we were absolutely caught and dead... but no one had come to us yet, so we stop in the middle and I get out and I run out into the desert... then... now the rest of this was from them because I was too far away to see... and I'm just laying down in the bushes, but I took the gun with me and they, with the trunk open...
 Yeah. Yeah, I was really scared then... they whipped the trunk open and set up the telescope and then John Lear gets out and says the stupidest line ever... so they came blasting out in the Jeeps with the guns and everything...
 Desert camouflaged... no name, rank, insignia or anything... they're just...
 But the guards comes out and John says, I can't remember what he said exactly, but, We're not breaking up a dope deal or anything are we? I mean a real stupid thing... and the guards just stood there in amazement... They said, what are you doing... and John said, we're looking at stars. They know he's just set it up and John says... yeah, we've been here for awhile. And they watched us leave... I really didn't hear any of this... I was just told this... and then they talked to them for awhile... and they said, well, you need to get out of here... you're close to a military installation... blah, blah, blah... just leave. So, they said, okay, fine... they pack up everything, but they don't leave. And they just see the guards drive off. Now, unbeknownst to them, to anyone at that time, it's absolute totally pitch black... you can't see your hand in front of your face. They drove fifty feet and stopped and stood on top of the car with the night vision scopes watching everyone... I mean from here to there... they were right there, but no one could see them. And, we're sitting there and I come back... and it was kind of a jovial type of a relaxed mood and Gene and I frequently joke around a lot and we were saying stupid things... and, as I came back in from the desert, slinging the gun... I said something to Gene like, well, I told the attack force just to lay low until those guys were out of site... and Gene said, well, that's good, okay... and the guys on the Jeeps don't know what's going on...
 Yeah, they heard us fine... cause later this came up at the briefing and so they went to arms with the guns...
 Yeah, they didn't know if we were joking around or what... but, they're just like, what attack force... and plus a guy just came out of the desert with a gun... so there're like, oh, no...
 It's an amazing scene... so we're sitting there and now our car is pointing away... Their vehicle is pointing towards us and they're all there and we can't see them and I'm leaning against the bumper of the car at the back and I put the gun back in the trunk, close it up, and I said, we better get out of here... and we started talking about... well, we saw cars up there and... I don't know where they went... so on and so forth... and I said, I didn't see anything... I was in the bushes... and I think Gene even interjected there and said, with the other guys, right?
 And I said, oh yeah...
 Okay, I'm just sitting...
 I've returned... I've put the gun in the trunk underneath the tire... I said, I didn't see where the other cars went that were up by the road and looked like there were going to cut us off and I said I just had my head down in the bushes... and Gene said, with the other guys, right. And I said, yeah. Another... so we were just joking around with each other... so we're all collectively just staring out that way, deciding well, should we leave or should we stay... it's public land essentially, we think... so, at that time, we hear a THUD on the ground and this little green glowing dot rolling towards us... one of the guys dropped the night vision scope...
 And we're just completely shocked by it... that this thing is rolling across the road and then you see it just get picked up in total blackness... all you see is just this little green dot... so... that was the decision... so I said, let's just get the hell out of here... cause we knew exactly what it was and then Kristen, Tracy's sister, was kind of a little ditz and said, did someone drop a lighter... did any of you guys drop a lighter... just get in the car... let's go. So we drove off. Now we came to the road... now they don't have any jurisdiction over us... but they had called the Lincoln County sheriff, so we came up to the road and the sheriff was waiting there and he just said, stop....
 They can hold you there...
 No... they can hold you and question you for an hour and then they must let you go. As it turned out, Kristen was going to law school...
 ... and...
 Ah... she was older than Tracy, so she was about my age. And so she looked forward to a confrontation with either the military or the police just because she knew all her rights and all that stuff. So the police get there and... am I leaving out a part... what happened...
 Well... we didn't go to a police station or...
 Yeah... what happened was another great John Lear move... if we'd only left him home... they said, well, can we see I.D.'s... so everyone said, well, we don't have our wallets... okay... so he said, what's your name... what's your name... and we told him our names... and it seemed like he was gone for a... then they asked John and...
 No, we told them real names. And then he asked John and John said, oh, wait, mine's in the trunk... and we're all mentally trying to tell John... do not open the trunk... and he opens the trunk, cause he did put his wallet in there, and everything in the world is in there... and the cop, of course, walked over to the trunk with John and he opened it up and shined his light in there... and the first words out of his mouth were... what are you guys doing here... we're out star gazing was, I think, the cover story... they said, you're out star gazing... you've got a Geiger counter, what else did we have... I mean all kinds of ridiculous stuff there... shovels and everything... and you guys are out star gazing... and the cop said, well, what is all this stuff for... and we were all just kicking rocks around... we couldn't even think of a lie to tell him... and he said, okay, well, I'm going to have to search the car. And Kristen says, no... and then he gets a call from the guys... the base or the guys directly and then he comes out and he says... where's the gun? So then we knew he absolutely talked to them and he said... originally they saw four people in the car, now there's five... or whatever the hell it was... and some guy walked in from the desert with a gun... and we said, we don't know what you're talking about... that's crazy. So she went back and forth with him... and he said, well, I've got reasonable cause... she said, well, what is it... so he called in another cop... and another cop comes and the reason he called the other cop, he actually went to start his car and it wouldn't start... now we never did pick up on this so he called the other car and he made it know to us... I'm getting a tow truck, cause we're going to tow it down to the police station and strip it... well, the tow truck was for his car because it wouldn't start. So he called the other cop to come over so he could drive him out of there. Now we had no idea that that was the deal and we thought he was just playing with the mike and then here comes the tow truck... and we're thinking... ahhh, Kristen, you better know what the hell you're talking about cause they are taking us out of there. And the funny thing was the cop kept talking and it really seemed like they were going to tow the car and we were going to go to jail and stuff like that unless you just tell me where the gun is and then it will all be over... which is probably a lie anyway, but, I figured I was getting everyone into trouble so I went up to the cop and was trying to interrupt him to tell him where the gun was, but he wouldn't shut the fuck up, cause he was talking to this other cop and, as soon as he stopped talking, he turned around and said, well, I can only legally keep you here an hour... it's been 59 minutes... so, I don't know why you won't let me search the car... and I was so thankful that he didn't let me admit what was going on and then he started reading our names back to the base... and I don't know if it was coincidentally, but when he came to my name, he went in the car and closed the door and then spoke to them... then he came out and said you guys can go. And we got in the car and left. And then the next morning I was called like the normal time, but instead of the lady it was Dennis and Dennis said, well, I'm going to meet you today and... like nothing had happened... but we've got to drive out to Indian Springs Air Force Base, which is kind of a closed, auxiliary Air Force Base in the middle of nowhere up here and he said, I'm going to need a ride, so we're going to take your car... is that okay? I said, yeah, sure.
 I was a little suspicious, but you know in the back of my mind I thought, they didn't make the connection, that's great... or else Dennis would be pissed. Maybe it's just something else and this is when they took... we drove up and about nine-tenths of the way there... we're entering the town of Indian Springs and it's been like an hour drive.
 Down at EG&G.
 And it's been like an hour drive and now we're just entering the town of Indian Springs and he says, the only time he ever said anything jokingly was he said, Bob, when we said it was a secret project we didn't mean for you to bring everyone you knew out to see test flights.
 And then I already knew... you know, we were there and that they knew and the whole thing. Oh, before that... cause that reminds me of something else... before that we were setting this thing up, Gene and I, so we decided to talk in code over the phone... so we were talking about going fishing and I guess on the phone we said, yeah, well if anything goes wrong... the story is that you guys were going and it would be more suspicious for me not to go, so I went along with you and you dropped me off at the stop sign up on the road and I had nothing to do with it. So the first thing that they say, this was just over the phone between Gene and I, the first thing they say when I get in there, they said, did you ever think we'd ever fall for the stop sign story... so I had no answer for that and then that's when it started. More or less an interrogation... and that's when they kind of got real...
 It's like an Air Force Base.
 Yeah, walk into a room that had... it was Dennis who came with me... and there were two other guys there and they said we're waiting for a couple of people to get here... and they were waiting for the guards that were there... now this is how I found out the whole story... and also how I know that the guards didn't know anything, 'cause I purposely made mention of a flying saucer to them and they got the guards out of the room and they were extremely pissed after that. And these were the guards... I guess they're separate and I guess they're external from the base, which are a different group...
 Well, you can go by there today and there's nothing ever happening there. I mean there's not a soul ever visible and once in awhile if you just kind of stake out the place, cause after this was all over, I just kind of monitored things, once in awhile you'll see the strangest things... like a completely black painted fighter will land there with no insignia on it... people will come out of no where and do some stuff to it, go back in, the plane will take off, and then it returns back to a desolate place... but you can see everything... there's nothing hidden. It's the strangest place... I have no idea what goes on there and it says "Auxiliary Air Force Base" right on the outside.
 It is like the eeriest place...
 Yeah, but, it comes to life sporadically... for no reason and, you know, and then shuts back down.
 Yeah, it is... it's on 95, if you want to go north of here, you can not go through it... it's right alongside the road... the entire thing is an episode out of "The Twilight Zone" and there's absolutely...
 That was pretty intense. That's when they brought up the phone transcripts, printed transcripts between my wife and the guy, Chris...
 Yeah. And then I saw that... well, you know, I skipped the GUFON story. Before that... this is right after I had started talking to Gene... started telling him... and right after we came back from Lear's house, I started looking through his material... which was all stupid things... aliens are here to steal frogs (?) because they need something... I mean, ridiculous things... either that or they're going to eat us... and we had noticed that on a lot of the information they had it was either from the Mutual UFO Network and everything in acronyms... it was MUFON... and the Computer UFO Network, which was CUFON... everything had an UFON name to it... we kind of thought that was funny... and because Gene considered me a source of UFO information... he started calling me BUFON... so, just as kind of a joke on the phone, I called him GUFON... it became a running thing... that night... you know we did that, it was the first phone call and I think he was calling me from a strange phone somewhere and he said, BUFON, this is GUFON... we just did something stupid like that... I said, yeah, what's going on... ah, nothing, just doing the normal stuff... just a bullshit phone call, but if it was someone external listening to it... it would have really sounded wierd now that I look back on it. So it was not twenty minutes later, and this has always amazed me... twenty minutes later... and it takes you twenty minutes to drive from downtown, that the doorbell rings, I come over to the door and there is a computer printout with redline of that conversation... BUFON, GUFON... the stuff we talked about... in little brackets... like, just doing the regular stuff... that was bracketed... and they said, we've got to have a talk about your conversation... and I was like amazed.
 No. Never seen before, but the same type of...
 Yeah, suits that had come... exact same type of guys. And I knew I had signed the order to do that. And I explained who GUFON was... what we were doing... I just said, it's a nickname... and they had me fill out a form that said Gene Huff AKA Gufon and his address and they said, do you have any other aliases?
 And to me it was hilarious, it was a funny thing... so that was the first occurrence of the telephone...
 Yeah.
 Them telling me? I don't know. I think it was just a smack in the face.
 Yeah.
 I think they were also telling me why... because nothing was coming of it... I really don't know...
 That's when they physically started screaming at me... when the gun took out his gun, out of his holster, and that's when they made it known in no uncertain terms that if they felt that I was jeopardizing the secrecy of the project at all, they would kill me, absolutely on the spot.
 Oh, yeah, absol... right to my face.
 Yeah, yes. That story is absolutely true.
 An unknown, nothing, stupid guy.
 They just pointed...
 Before they had an M16 is what they usually carried and...
 Yeah.
 Yeah, Dennis was sitting right there.
 Totally silent. He disappeared at that point.
 Correct.
 No, it went on a little bit further. Actually, you know, I think he pointed a rifle at me.
 No, but, I'm telling you... you should know if it was a gun or a rifle... but this was a really...
 It was a really traumatic event.
 It was too much stuff at one time... cause the thing with my wife, with the gun and the people yelling at me... and it kind of all... it kind of went into a blur.
 No, not at all. Well, it became... now everything was bouncing off of me... it didn't matter... if the guy cocked the gun and put it in my face, it didn't matter, now I was impervious to everything at that point. And that's when I cracked a smile again... and, you know, right after he said, we'll have no problem killing you... I can't even fake it... it just has to actually happen... and that's when he said, implied that there had been other people that they had killed.
 Yeah, for real. 
 No, no one talked about that.
 No, but they said... that's when I smiled and they said... do you think we're kidding about this... would you like to see death certificates?
 Right... it just happens... but too much had happened in over the four or five minutes... so now it just didn't matter what they said. And that's when they brought the guys in... because I guess these other two guys that were in charge of the interview hadn't heard the report and they came in and said that's the guy... to me. And they said... something else to them... I don't remember where it was that I inserted it... but somewhere in there I had said something about... I inserted the term flying saucer...
 Oh, no, totally on purpose... because they were skirting around the topic... they said they were in a restricted area because they were conducting restricted tests... and I said, well, during the flying saucer test... you know, purposely like that, but I can't remember how it was inserted in the wording and I mean, you could instantly see the cringe on everyones' face... they really didn't want any of that said... so... it.... they got the guards out and they finished yelling at me at some length... and it really completely blurred past that... I went back with Dennis and...
 Oh, yeah, he had some negative comments...
 Yeah, good job, Bob... but very minimal talk and we got back...
 No.
 Yes. Now real distant. Now, when I got back after that, the more... people following type of thing...
 Right.
 When they shot at the Z.
 Driving from just seeing Gene... and we had just been talking on the phone about a guy named George Knapp, that had always been doing reports on Area 51 and stuff like that... and I was going to go see him.
 I was on the phone with Gene saying we were going to set up a meeting.
 From here. And I drove to Gene's office over on Eastern and then said, well... he had spoken to George... I don't remember exactly how the events went down, but George said he was going to get a satellite link-up truck so they could just take me somewhere, interview me, bounce it off a satellite and then get it back to the station... that was really cool... and I said, okay, we'll do that... we're just going to interrupt in the five o'clock news and say it... because now, for some reason, I really thought I was in trouble... I just had to...
 But... it was... it just made more sense to me to say something publicly now, because it would just be intolerable to...
 No, right now everything was on hold... this was more important.
 No, not really. She wasn't home yet anyway... so was out fucking some other guy... so coming back from Gene's, there was this wierd on-ramp from Charleston to the I-15 Fwy and, as I was driving, a car appeared next to me and, I typically drive like a sixteen year old, I never let anybody get in front of me... as I'm driving, I really didn't have time to play around with any one, but I went fast and he went fast and stuff like that... I thought he wanted to race or something... so, right when we came around the turn to get on the on-ramp, I just jammed on the gas and took off. And he was riding along side of me the whole time and I think he was trying to say something to me out the window... though, I never did see...
 No, but, just as I turned the corner, I glanced back like, now get away from me, and the window was rolled down and all I saw was there was a gun pointed at me...
 Yeah, he pulled up alongside of me... when I saw the gun, I froze and was still accelerating, but I didn't make the turn and then I heard the gun fire twice... it fired at the side of the car, you know, later finding the holes... and then hit the rear tire... and I just went straight off the embankment off into the ditch and he went around the corner and took off. 
 There were two guns. I'm almost sure. He took off, but I didn't see him make the turn and I thought that he followed me down there and I just stayed, because I thought he was walking up behind me... so I stayed and I just could not raise my head to look, cause I was absolutely petrified... so I had my hands on the steering wheel and I just stayed there and I was looking right at the ground and I just stayed there and I just expected him... I mean I must have been there like fifteen minutes... and I couldn't imagine what was taking him so long to walk up alongside of me... and I finally... it wore off and I turned and there was no car there and I looked back and then I finally got the car out and then I had backed it up and, coincidentally, a city truck had come by...
 Yeah... well the tire was hit... the rim was...
 Well, it wasn't a deep ditch, I backed up out of there and then a city maintenance truck was coming by, a white truck with bags of garage on the road... picks up the stuff... and he followed me all the way home. I said some guy shot at me and I went off the embankment here and he was a nice guy... I went on Charleston and just drove on the rim all the way home... probably five miles... and continued to fuck up the rest of the car and then got there and called and told Gene what had happened... and then from there went with Gene and went to the satellite link-up and they interrupted the news.
 Right... there were... a very odd book where, if you've ever seen any of the old Collier encyclopedias they have... if you look under human anatomy they have several clear Mylar pages and you could peel away the circulatory system and see bones and peel away muscles and so on and so forth and see different layers... but what they had in this book was really odd in that it would do that as you turned the page... almost like the old 3-D postcards...
 Yeah, it was much... it wasn't that cheap, I guess, cause you had to see them at certain angles... but just, as you moved the page every just a few degrees, it would go through the different layers and in one they had a hut of a house and it was like a mud type house... and you'd move it and the grass would disappear... move it... the mud would disappear... you'd see the superstructure... move it and you'd just see the internal dwelling area... and to me that was amazing... because I couldn't possible see how that could be done optically on...
 It was just as thick as a piece of Mylar...
 No it was a lot of text and just pictures here and there.
 English. It seemed like the English was inserted... re-inserted in there.
 I don't know.
 The text was about living conditions here... about different... there was a guy that lived in a hut... it was like a National Geographic book more or less...
 That would be speculation.
 Either that or it would have been information that we compiled and gave to someone else... but whatever it was, it was certainly unusual...
 Ah... yeah.
 I'm getting to that.
 It was very simplistic and it just showed what lived in a dwelling like that... but the same thing... as you moved the page, this guy's clothes would drop... his skin would come off his muscles... it would do that... and instead of sitting there reading most of the text, I played with the photographs... because even looking up close, I could not see...
 Yeah, you could not get to a point where it would not take place. You know, if you had a 3-D card in certain lights and certain angles it just doesn't work and you have to position it right, but no matter how this was, if you tilted it a certain way, it worked... and to me I was fascinated by that. The book had two front covers... if you flipped the book over, this is where the stuff about Zeta Reticuli and other stuff would come from, cause now this seemed like, though it was just a few pages that dealt with the alien craft, and origin and so on and so forth, but not nearly in the detail of the other.
 How can there possibly... yeah, but I don't know... how can there be?
 Yeah, it's possible, but...
 But what... aliens sitting down with humans exchanging pictures... that sounds ridiculous.
 You can speculate forever about all the ramifications...
 No. No, but in that alien section... that I call the alien section 'cause it dealt with them, is we were always referred to as containers.
 No doubt about that.
 I don't know. What left the impression... it said nothing about it... but the way I looked at it was... biological containers... almost like culture dishes... now that's just the impression I got from reading it though it said nothing like it... it was almost... containers of genetic material.
 No... there was no suggestion about anything... not that anyone was doing experiments... nothing like that... and I actually looked for something like that... but it was so neutral... it was edited to be so neutral that you really couldn't grasp anything out of it. But it was just the context of which it was stated.
 Well, that was...
 Yeah, now some of that was conjecture... because it lead me to believe...
 Yeah, of the nature... but there are lots of "if's" here... cause you have to step back even... because... are containers actually people... is number one? Because at no point in there did it say -- containers are humans... okay? So... immediately you're on unsteady ground...
 Right.
 Right.
 My point was... there was nothing that directly related interaction with humans verbatim... that said that... the interaction was with containers and they mentioned 65 corrections in the evolutionary process of containers... now...
 The only thing that I've continued absolutely to stand on is the material that I read in the briefings that was corroborated by the hardware.
 Right, just because someone actually came from another planet, does not mean they don't know how to lie. Or have motives to do it.
 Right.
 Right.
 Lazar
 Actually, at the very end of everything. It was that day that they had set up the mobile satellite link...
 With George Knapp?
 I think John Lear did.
 Yeah.
 John had done other interviews with him before... other television interviews... so they kind of knew each other. And that's how, essentially, the meeting started.
 No.
 No... I hadn't seen him, in fact the entire interview with backlight... as not to show my face. And they used a pseudo name... in fact the pseudo name under me was Dennis. And that was kind of a dig at Dennis... really it just happened like that... it aired in the middle of the news and...
 Five o'clock.
 It was live.
 Right.
 I believe there was a day in delay there.
 If I can just comment... no, I guess we'll talk about that when we get...
 Okay, as far as commenting about the shooting... now, although it's incredibly coincidental... no one says that it was anyone from S4, any government official... is it possible that it was a random drive-by shooting that occurs so much in big cities like this? It's possible. Especially, considering I was playing with him more or less in the car, maybe he got pissed off and fired out the window... so... there again, it's one of those things that... I don't know for absolute sure, but it's a tremendous coincidence that at that time... that particular hour of that day, when I started on the phone and went down to Gene's office... I'm going from here to see... to get in contact with George Knapp... so on and so forth... that that occurred... so there's no specific...
 From what I remember... I think Gene was suggesting that I go ahead and do it, because he knew that John Lear knew George Knapp. So, I think I finally agreed and decided to drive to John's place... to talk to John.
 Yeah.
 Umm-hmm... actually through this entire scenario, John only pops up two or three times. He's really not a main player in there... I don't know if I've got it across that way...
 I think Gene had spoken to him directly and might have filled him in.
 Yeah... and something to the effect that, I understand that you know George Knapp or can get hold of him... maybe it would be possible to talk to him today.
 I really don't remember. I think I called from Gene's office, but I can't remember.
 Right.
 Charleston Boulevard on ramp.
 No.
 Yeah. And in the tire. We looked for the one in the tire, we couldn't find... but there was entry by the rim. I thought the tire had caught it, but then I did drive all the way home, so it probably ejected itself...
 Yeah I really did. In fact, I have people periodically drop film off here... some of the other real estate appraisers... there are little boxes outside... and I was in the driveway and one of them, Nancy Clark, who just works up the street here, had come by right after it had happened... now she knew nothing about all this other stuff... but I had commented on it, you know, how come the police aren't here... so on and so forth... and I don't know why I didn't... I probably should have... but I guess the reason I didn't was because eventually, after talking to the cops, no matter what, you're going to have to tell them entire story to connect everything together and it was just an unbelievable and impossible task at the time. And it just wouldn't have made sense... because eventually the questioning was going to get down to, well who would want to shoot you and this and that... well, the government's after me... oh, really... it just would not have been possible.
 I didn't stay home that night.
 Yeah.
 I think at that time I stayed at the hotel up off the strip... the Budget Inn.
 I can't remember specifically. There were too many things that were going through my mind.
 No, that never really occurred. There were too many thoughts going through my mind... because all that... everything else had happened just before that and I don't know... there were just too many thoughts going through my mind... there was nothing specific to lock onto... believe it or not, I mean, the shooting was not a real high priority... it was just in the stack.
 No... I was just at a level of saturation where nothing really mattered at that point. I mean at that time I was probably thinking more along the lines of my wife and what was going on at that point than anything else.
 No.
 She was just out.
 I really don't remember.
 I really don't remember... it's kind of a blur.
 Well, I'll certainly make that distinction... so far there's already been quite a few things I can't remember.
 Uneventful night.
 No one... just came home and went and did my normal rounds of work.
 Oh, probably with Gene. I spoke to Gene all the time. Gene I spoke to several times a day, every day.
 No.
 Yeah.
 That actually occurred in John Lear's driveway...
 Yeah.
 I drove there with Gene, yeah.
 And the truck pulled up...
 Yeah, John was updated on what had happened when I got there.
 Right. That's when he was updated on everything.
 George Knapp?
 No, John Lear I saw... George Knapp I did not...
 Yeah.
 I tried to get hold of George and could not... so...
 Right... and he had stuff set up.
 Right.
 Well, I'd never done it before... I saw kind of nervous and I didn't... I really didn't know if it was the right decision, so it was kind of a compromise... and they said, well, we'll film it in silhouette and we won't use your name... as if... they didn't change my voice or anything... so it was a very obvious...
 Ahh... that had crossed my mind, but it didn't weigh heavily on my mind because... as you know with the clearance, there's that 10/10 provision in there... ten years of jail... ten thousand dollar fine for divulging secret information, but they really couldn't... I mean, what could they say... in order for them to prosecute me on that, it would have to be... they would have to admit that all this... and that was absolutely out of the question, so I felt relatively safe as far as that was concerned... but... jail was not a real worry, it was more a worry of... I was more worried about not doing anything... and, I don't know if you've ever been in that mode where... well, here's a good analogy... maybe it's a poor analogy... you know if you're in traffic and you're not going anywhere... you can get extremely frustrated... though you may be going just a short distance on a straight road, and if it's not moving, you can take a whole bunch of side streets that will take exactly the same amount of time, but you're moving... it doesn't matter... at least something's happening to occupy your brain and you'd get there at the same time and that's... so, maybe it's a poor analogy... it's exactly what I felt... I may not be doing the right thing, but something is happening... I'm not sitting at home waiting for something to act on me... I'm acting and all I felt was, maybe it was a need for control cause there was so much happening behind the scenes that I wasn't aware of, I wanted to initiate something... so I felt compelled to do something. 
 Oh, yeah. Sure.
 Well, George Knapp was on the air in the middle of the news and he just, essentially, cut in and said this is... we have someone from the test site... blah, blah... says the government is hiding certain things and that his life may be in jeopardy, or something like that. So he just cut in and out and, as far as how did he handle it... later on in the broadcast, him and the other anchor person were talking and George was very interested and he kept bringing it up... bringing it up throughout the newcast... but George Knapp had no idea who I was... so...
 Right. You've got to ask Gene about that, I guess. Because I don't know if Gene or John spoke to George Knapp and who really updated him on everything, I really don't know.
 Ahhh... I do have the tape somewhere...
 It's... they ask a few questions... I'd say a couple minutes... maybe four minutes or so?
 Relieved... 
 Yeah, that was it.
 Then was the call from Dennis... it was as soon as I got home... and he said the only thing that he said was... do you have any idea what we're going to do to you now? And I said, no. And that was the end of the conversation. 
 Yeah, after that, yeah.
 That was sometime afterwards... and he wanted to meet at the Union Plaza Hotel.
 I can't even remember... that's a calendar question.
 Yeah, things quieted down after that... and some time had gone by... maybe a month and he called and I had the impression that he wanted... it was just a one on one thing... he wanted to talk about something... obviously about the situation or something... but disconnected from everyone else. And that meeting went sour and that was the last I ever heard of him.
 After that, some time after that, I don't remember how long, George wanted to meet me and I finally agreed and he came down with himself and the head of the network... or TV station and we talked about it... and he wanted to do a more indepth report of what was going on out there, 'cause from what I understand he had been working on some story or investigating strange things out there... and that's when I met him and talked to him for a little while and shortly after that he had been compiling all this data to do an expose on TV.
 Yes.
 No... his thing was kind of a big hit... he did it over a week period and he got a lot of responses and that's where he got a lot of the contacts 'cause he kind of made a plea to people... anyone else that has any information about this, contact him... and that's where he got some people who would only talk to him off the record... so on and so forth... 
 Yeah.
 Oh, a lot of it was interesting, but...
 Yeah... some people did.
 He's spoken with people that have been... most have worked at Area 51 and knew of the existence of the place... and knew of alien craft there... people who had shuttled people back and forth... mostly retired people... purposely not... speaking off the record, essentially, to protect their pensions and what not... he also later met some other people... Senate investigators, and things like that, who also were very suspicious about what was going on down there and back budget investigators... a guy named DiAmatto, for one, who later became assets in tracking stuff down... actually, because that interview kind of got all over the place... attracted the attention of a lot of people that... investigative committees headed by... what's his name, yeah, John Glenn became interested... I mean, it attracted a lot of people that were kind of in to that more or less. Edgar Mitchell, the sixth man on the moon, came down and spoke to me at length and said, I guess the astronauts have their own little clique... group... apart from NASA, and again they said, off the record, we kind of know something's going on, but...
 Yes. And he came down here with his wife and was interested in all of the particulars... because they were just collecting information about what was going on behind closed doors. And he had lots of good contacts... in addition to people that managed to contact me directly, but most people didn't know how... so they came through George.
 Oh, yeah. 
 Well, unfortunately, a good portion of them were kooks, or at least that's what I labelled them as...
 Oh, some were absolutely insane... they called themselves... The Mercury Workers... the nuclear test site is in Mercury, Nevada, and they said, well they think a bunch of their co-workers are being held down at S4 and would I get together with this group and plan a break-out and... I mean, these guys were kooks... I mean, ridiculous things... a couple silly things like that stuck out... most of it was other news agencies... or Oprah and Geraldo and CNN... I mean everyone in the entire world lit up...
 No, I turned down interviews with everybody... and it went over the UPI and...
 Yeah, they were. But that was not my intention to do the interview... to do an interview to... it's hard to describe... that is not... it's not the way I wanted it presented and I was doing it actually for more of a selfish reason... I know it's unfair not to release all of the information to the scientific community and so on and so forth, but really the main reason was I was afraid for what was happening to me... and I felt that the best way was if this is in the public eye, if... certainly if anything suddenly happened to me, the light is now cast on the test site and what's going on... how come this guy just went on TV and said there's all this strange stuff happening and he disappears or he's being harrassed or something... that was the main reason for doing it... and with that being taken care of... there was no reason to go completely national and Hollywood and, if anything, that was going to discredit the message I was trying to get across, because... well, you know what happens when you go on those shows and what they do to stories... they turn them around and sensationalize everything and that would... that was just not my intention.
 Well, I guess it was curiosity... I wanted to see what... well, which UFO conference?
 Well, one was pretty dated... all this other... this was shortly after I had started telling Gene, before the shit hit the fan, more or less... and became interested in what all these people knew. And we went to a UFO conference here in town and it was, essentially, what I thought it would be like.
 Yeah, I mean, crazy people.
 Some lady said she was from Venus and she typically comes down here and... because she wants her kids to be educated here and, I mean, it was truly ridiculous...
 Well, these people were absolutely dead serious and they'd have speaker after speaker... one guy, Bill Cooper, was talking about how there were bases on the moon and Mars... we'd been there since the '50's... shuttling back and forth... these big mining operations going on...
 Right. So this was particularly entertaining for me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah... yeah. Gene has seen some of the test flights... heard really all I had to say...
 Yeah.
 No, I just looked around and... kind of with a superior attitude... really knowing what was going on and just glancing at the material... they were selling books and all kinds of things...
 Right.
 Ahh... one was... well, one was... the drawings they had of the aliens themselves... which was the only thing that ever made me think, well maybe someone really was abducted at one time... because were would they have come up with an accurate representation?
 Yes... reasonably well. As far as all these other scenarios and stories that were made up... everything was beyond ridiculous... they were showing tapes of the Kennedy assassination and the person commenting on it, he said... his whole point was the driver shot Kennedy... and the driver turns around and you can see that... and the driver does turn around, but they're saying... look at the gun in his hand, he's shooting him and it was because Kennedy was going to reveal the UFO secret as soon as he left Dallas... and it was really funny... it was a really entertaining day... and the lady from Venus... who I just had to talk to... and it was just a taunt... essentially... I said, well, how did you get back from Venus... oh, my spacecraft was parked over here... I said, did you wear these clothes... oh, yeah... this is how we dress... you know, it's 800 degrees on Venus and it's a sulphuric acid atmosphere... well, this is special acid-resistant and it's high temperature material... I said, can I light some of it... no, no, it's not resistant to earth flames... so, anything you could come up with, they made it sillier... but she was dead serious and I actually think she's believes it, so it was kind of entertaining... oh, the other thing was, the Billy Meier stuff... supposedly there was a Swedish farmer in the '70's, who had made contact with spacecraft or aliens or something like that and had taken some really good pictures and one of the pictures they had was... looked exactly like the Sport Model that I had worked on... which was amazing to me...
 I thought, number one, that he didn't meet any aliens... I thought what was going on was this disc, at that time, was still being tinkered with... and what he was seeing was some of our guys on a test flight somewhere... 
 Yeah, he's Swedish.
 Right... of course, he didn't see it in the detail I did, a glowing disc that shape, but... I said, that is it... actually, it was slightly different, but I said, that is absolutely the craft and most of the UFO people... like I said before, they all have their own little scenarios and stories and they all hate each other and try to discredit each other and make up stories about one another and a lot of them hated the Billy Meier's story, I guess, because after he had these photographs out and supposedly they'd been analyzed and they weren't fake, about a year later some government officials came into his barn and broke in and, all of a sudden, found models of the craft and they said, oh, well, he made everything up... and, of course, Billy Meier contends they brought the models and put them there... there was nothing there... I wouldn't have just left them out on the floor, even if I was faking it... so it was a very controversial story, but to me, that was the only thing that rang true, ironically, the one that everyone believes in the least had a essentially the same craft that I was working on... at least the same design...
 Oh, no, I would never have said anything to those people.
 Well, this is years and years and years later... this was recently...
 Well, what had happened was... the place that I used to watch from, where we got caught, had kind of become famous... because after I had mentioned in a later interview exactly where it was... there's a very small town next to it called Rachel, Nevada that probably has like a hundred people living there...
 Rachel.
 And there was a little building called the Rachel Bar and Grill, which is like a little double-wide trailer...
 After that, it became... they have bus tours that go out there now... from California... people fly in and drive up to this place and they've built a giant restaurant now to like a hotel and they call it the Ale-Inn... all essentially because of that... so I became friends with the people there because they attributed all their new success and what not... unfortunately, it was also the only place someone could stay over night and watch from that area, so what had happened recently was... the power company for some reason, and I don't understand how they can do that, it's some sort of co-op deal because it's out in the middle of nowhere... they just increased the power rates up there... essentially, to make the town of Rachel go away... five fold what they originally were... and, from what I understand, they're going to fight a legal battle against them... and the little town and the Rachel Bar and Grill, which was the main thing in the town, couldn't afford to do it, so they were putting on a UFO conference more or less, to get people to come in and they were going to charge thirty or forty dollars a person to show up and hear various speakers speak so they could raise money to save their town...
 '93... maybe '92... nah, it was '93... I had not planned on speaking. George Knapp was going to... Gene was going to... because Gene actually relays my story better than I do, because, unlike me, he has a memory... but they did write on the poster, the little flyer that they sent around, that Bob Lazar will be in attendance... and that caused... it was a circus... I really couldn't believe it... there were droves of people deep...
 Yeah, when I drove up...
 Yeah, they just swarmed me... it was unbelievable...
 It was a terrible feeling... I really knew what some famous people must feel like now... it was... I had a friend that had come up to see me and he was no more than twenty feet away and it honestly took me about four hours to get to him.
 Well, I had never intended to, but that day Gene's father died, so he couldn't come. George Knapp decided to go fly to Kansas... I had originally come up there just to watch and hang out and then leave... just to kind of put my two cents in there by showing up to help them out... not for any money or anything... so I got up there not knowing anything about this... and all the speakers had cancelled and I was left there and I'm listening to some of these people... well, we drove from South Carolina just to ask you a question or talk to you... and I felt so absolutely obligated to stay there and talk, so I just answered questions on a podium for about an hour and a half and left.
 Yeah, I'd say a few hundred... maybe two or three hundred... but it was never my intention to do that and I left.
 Oh, yeah... I had no idea who was there... there were way too many people. It just surprised me. I didn't think there would be that kind of a turnout or that kind of interest... or anything like that... so I was really anxious to leave.
 No, I was so sick of telling my story, which I'd repeated so many times... I just said, I'll just answer some questions.
 Only the stupid questions stick in my mind.
 What kind of gas do the flying saucers use?
 Gas... as in gasoline... and he said, yeah. And to me it was a scream. And I said I think I came back with a snappy remark at first and then told him, well, they don't operate like that... and he didn't understand me... I guess he was just some miner or farmer or something along those lines and just couldn't compute what I was talking about. And I said it's that new Arco EC1 -- that unleaded gasoline... and everyone kind of got a laugh at that and then I talked to him directly and said, well, they don't use gas like that... it uses like a reactor... like a nuclear reactor and tried to explain it simply to him, but I don't think he really grasped what was going on.
 There were some good ones... specifically everyone always asks the same question... how the disc travels in a Delta confirguration... they always want me to re-explain that... I don't know why... how space is bent and things like that... and questions like why doesn't it show up on radar.
 From the end of all the events up there to today? 
 I'd say the only significant thing would have been the brothel thing...
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy... '92... probably '91... then again... that's a calendar thing. But the reason that was significant was for various reasons.
 After leaving... and it still has me very suspicious... after leaving the project or not being into it any more... I went back to doing my photo business, other little things that have always worked for me and they were going good and I ran into a girl that had claimed she worked at the legal brothel that I had owned years ago and what I had done there was something unusual is that I computerized everything and it made everything run relatively smooth. What specifically... sounds ridiculous... so the girls can pretend that they know the guys, they can set up a data base and they can come in and say how's your wife, Jean, and things like that... anyway, as far as accounting and other things along those lines... and this person said they had been operating a place in town here illegally for quite some time and could I set up the same system that we had there along with some security stuff. I said, sure, that's no sweat. So for about seventy-five hundred dollars I set up and installed the computers and wrote the software for it and put up cameras down their staircase so they could see who was coming up to the door and, essentially, did that. But most of the time was spent, a couple months, just writing the software and getting into it. Now, as it turned out, and I still don't know how this chain of events happened... but, she was listed with the FBI as being an informant for the DEA for the FBI and for Metro Police. Now why was she allowed to operate and do this and where is she coming out of the clear blue sky to ask me... and I never remembered her... that's just something she claims... anyway, after I was done that was it and I left and some... about... and I kind of left abruptly cause I finished earlier than I thought I would... and I said, okay, it's done... I'll see you later... and, oh, what had happened was, this was after George had aired his expose and everything. Then someone had told us that they had hired a private investigator that was following me around at that time.
 The rival network... channel 13... they had hired a private investigator that was following me around and was going to air, because they had... I guess channel 8 aired this thing during Sweeps Week, which is where they get their ratings evalutated, and obliterated all of the TV stations and they really disliked it... because they, too, had asked me for interviews, but I turned it down, just like everyone else. I said, what I know has been aired and there's no reason to go on with it. So there was kind of some hard feelings there. They found this stuff out... that I was doing this work on the side for them and were planning on airing a little thing, well, this UFO informant here... this is what he does in his spare time. So George decided to... he contacted me and said, what we need to do is go on the air and say it first before these people do... because it's just something stupid you've been involved in, but it's just better to say it yourself. And I said, well, that makes sense. If there're going to do it... and plus, it's another smack in the face to them. So we went ahead and did a little thing and just kind of rolled over it... like, so what have you been up to since all this stuff had happened... and I had dah-dah-dah and I've done this for a place in town among other things... and that night I guess the police were put in kind of a wierd position... so they busted the place and shortly after that they wanted to charge me with pandering... which is... essentially, pimping... so after I sat down with the police, it was just an unprecedented push to dump everything on me... this thing had records and stuff that they seized from years back and they wanted to say that I had come up with this and built the whole business up and created everything and it made no sense... they were actually pushing everything on me when they knew fine and well that this woman had this running for a long time and it doesn't matter, they said, you aided and abetted in this crime by setting up this equipment and they really triumphed it up to much more than it was and they said, well, you either admit to that or we're going to file all these charges and many more felony counts and so I was really... there was really nothing I could do... and I really was not in a mood to fight however long that was going to take and however expensive that was going to be. So I admitted to being involved and had to plead guilty to that charge and it was more or less of a plea bargain thing and they said, well, you know, you're going to have to perform community service was the only thing... ironically... well, I'll get back to that in a minute. But in all the hearings, who was in the back of the room but Thigpen... this is the guy who originally came to investigate me... who... now what...
 Yeah... now what is he doing at these hearings and only the last time did I realize what was going on... has he been here... yeah... that was the guy I was telling you about... because, again, at the time there were so many things going through my mind... that's that wierd guy that was sent here everytime... that's Thigpen and what on earth is he doing here and now maybe this explains the great push to get... and maybe in there eyes it was perfect... it was on a silver platter... here's the guy that was screwing up everything for them, essentially, and now I gave it to him on a silver platter, something to discredit myself and it did work out that way perfectly. So maybe that's why everything truly came to an end. Ironically... the community service I had to perform was setting up the exact same data base for Clark County... for their Discovery Museum in town.
 I guess it's okay to do it for them, but not for them.
 No, that was impossible. It was a fairly quiet place. He's standing in the back and I couldn't, you know...
 I acknowledged his existence there and he acknowledge me and that was it...
 But every time I was done... 'cause you sit up front with your lawyer and you really can't get up and leave... much less go talk with someone, but every time we were done and I went to leave, he was always gone. So, it was extremely suspicious.
 Right... that was over and done with and...
 Right.
 No, it pretty much all... I'm wondering if I'm leaving out something, but... I don't think there was... that was the last UFO related event that had anything to do with those people and it all... that was really the end of everything. Nothing ever came of it after that.
 I don't know.
 I don't know. Originally, I wouldn't think that the people that originally came to my house knew what was going on... I don't know if Thigpen was a special person, but certainly by that time he had heard all of the stories and whatnot and I don't know. 
 That little light blinks...
 The last time I saw Barry was the last time I was out at S4, before I went to Indian Springs and all that... I never saw him out. The only person I ever saw out of the base was Dennis.
 Other than that guy Rene I had met.
 I only spoke to him once... he was working on Project Galileo, but on some other aspect of it and was working in a lab near us and I was just introduced once and we talked for awhile... small talk nothing...
 I got the impression that he stayed out there, but I had no prove that anyone stayed out there... I never saw any sleeping quarters... though I knew there were extensive ones up at Area 51... so I don't know.
 Mostly into Area 51 up there...
 That were on the plane with me?
 I don't think I ever had contact with them long enough to even recognize them if I did see them again.
 Oh, yeah... hmm hmm.
 It was probably strengthened. I would say.
 I was thinking of one in particular... Joe... that I worked with closely, who was a good friend at Los Alamos and had helped out a lot and even moved out here and started working up at the nuclear test site... we've always been close and he's always been really supportive of everything.
 Yeah.
 It was difficult... initially Joe was still at Los Alamos and I had to do mail communication with him and countless times that Joe sent me stuff it never got here. And that's when I started sending things to Joe and I still have the little plastic bags that I saved from them... it says, received at the Post Office opened... I mean, I have several of those... from back then... it seemed like someone had gone through everything of mine.
 Yeah. Then I began sending things through Gene's office... that's the only way I communicated via mail.
 Joe?
 Yeah. In a... even before I had actually left S4 I spoke to him a little and really couldn't say much on the phone. All we'd say was, hey, well, next time you come out, I've got a lot to tell you... and how's work going... he knew full well what was going on from my letters and then eventually he moved out here and started working up at the nuclear test site and he'd smuggle maps out of there of exactly how it's laid out so we could find the back roads... he could take and get a good vantage point from the opposite side... 'cause he'd be on the opposite side of S4 and he purposely said up there at nights and rented a room they have up at the test site... you know, government sponsored, right on the site, so he could go out at night and try and see things from the other side. And he did see (UNCLEAR) test flights, but unfortunately he was a little far away and could see nothing other than lights flashing around in the sky.
 Nothing. Coincidentally, right around that time, Joe moved. And disappeared. He decided to go back to school for some reason... just kind of tried of working for the government... probably partially out of frustration seeing all the stuff that was happening to me and just he had been in his job for a long time... so nothing really happened to him.
 Yeah. Moved up to Utah.
 Ah... not very much... now once or twice a month. However, Jim, another friend, who was working up at another test site, where they were working on the Stealth plane up in Tonapa (sp?), now he was contacted instantaneously. Right before George Knapp's thing went on the air.
 Umm... Jim was there the first night where we saw the disc jump around and in fact it's his voice on the video tape... and someone at work... because there was a lot of talk about that... up in the area he was working in... and someone had recognized his voice and reported it to his superior. Now Jim was in the process of getting his Q clearance... so he had been there... for, I don't know, for how many months... I'd say about ten months... which is about how long it takes... ten... twelve months... once you start passing there... then it's am I getting my clearance or not... so, the George Knapp thing was going to air the next day and they came... Jim, being a civilian, he's working up there on the fire control systems... fire alarms... and they came and pulled him out of work... the UFI... and sat him down and interrogated him. And I hadn't really updated Jim on everything... I just gave him a kind of brief overview of what I was working on and he saw the disc tested and Jim is kind of a crazy guy... he's happy-go-lucky type of guy that will just do anything and kind of responds to authority like I do. And they essentially sat him down and said... hey, tell us about your friend Lazar, what's going on. Now do you believe all this ridiculous stuff he's been telling you... well, you'd better not and so on and so forth... and all that did was completely cement it in Jim's mind that what was going on was exactly what I was saying and I think they told him... I don't remember, you'll probably have to ask Jim, but I think they told him not to contact me anymore or something along those lines. And Jim called me from a secure phone intentionally right after the meeting and said, hey, these guys... I mean purposely... these guys just interrogated me and said blah-blah-blah... the whole nine yards and I didn't tell him I knew where you were and I know right where you're at... and all that stuff... and then Jim and I had a long talk that night and...
 His long expose... yeah... the day before. And they... I really don't know... yeah, I'm sure it was the day before... 
 No, that's Joe. Jim still lives here.
 Jim, Joe, Gene...
 That's the only thing that takes precedence over everything...
 We used to do it the weekend before the 4th of July, until Omni printed that in its article. But that is something that Jim and I started years ago... when I was twelve, when I lived in New York, they put on these big fireworks displays in the park and they let you come in and help set things up... not actually making of the fireworks, but tying the knots and setting up the framework for the ground displays and I really got a kick out of that... already being scientifically inclined... I was really fascinated with how the fireworks worked and subsequent to that I learned more about it and it was more or less of an art and all the formulas and techniques are passed down from family to family...
 Or dies out. And some of them are very complex techniques and formulas that really have been lost and never duplicated and are recorded... it's kind of a wierd branch of chemistry... pyrotechnics, in itself.
 The Grucci's (sp?)... the guy that I know died, Jimmy Grucci (sp?)... yeah, most of the Italians are the best at it. But, as time went on, I learned more about it and then the years went by, I moved around, continued kind of experimenting with stuff and learning the techniques and then joined the Pyrotechnics Guild and began to develop... everyone has their own signature colors and stuff... and some of them being very, very difficult to do and I came up with a color... double neon blue... is what I called it... and, essentially, began just doing things on my own, just for fun, because it's technically illegal to manufacture fireworks... it's kind of a gray area of the law... and so to avoid any possible legal implications and whatnot, we would go out and have a barbecue on this drylake bed... the weekend before the 4th of July, before the cops are out looking for fireworks, and later we found out that the drylake bed is on Indian land so we're safe from everything... technically not being part of the United States... however those laws work... so I began to be very knowledgeable on it and actually helped out in other firework displays and so just finally I taught a couple of friends how to start making some of the larger fireworks... and it began to escalate and we had a group of people... and then more friends... and people got into it and then finally it turned into a big fireworks show and we began putting it on every year... not really a show... but where everyone makes their own fireworks and, instead of just sitting there watching the fireworks go off, people would be like, hey, this one's mine going up and it added a lot more interest and fun to it. And then as more time went on, we started putting money into it and now we spend, on that one day, thousands of dollars...
 Really, I do 90 percent of it... and I'd say just the close friends, immediate close friends and family... Jim and his girlfriend...
 Tageilini... Gene... his wife... and a couple of friends... actually, we've kind of split up all the jobs that have to be done... a lot of it folding paperwork... a lot of it... the biggest time consuming part is taking these woks that you normally cook food in and we put little shotgun... smaller than bb's... shots in there and I take the various chemical compositions and make them into a powder and spray them with water and roll them around until they snowball and get bigger and you add different colors on top... so when the shells blow up you get different colors and different effects... and we spend about two or three months beforehand making all these things... and testing out different things and then the day comes... we come up with different, crazy things to do... last year... Jim's kind of a stuntman that never got to be a stuntman... he'd love to do crazy things... and last year I made him a jetpack... I made a little jet engine that he could wear on his back so he could stand on rollerskates and go across the drylake bed...
 Yeah, he did.
 Ahh... he was moving at a pretty good clip... I don't know...
 Forty-five... fifty... he was moving pretty good. Just crazy things... A big barbecue and everyone just gets around and drinks and...
 Oh, that's one of this year's things that we're doing is we've got a bunch of... each year we make a tape of everything that happens... 
 Oh, yeah, sure... 
 ... that particular Desert Blast was an interesting one.
 Yeah, in that it was right after everything that had happened... and everyone was so afraid... that here are all of Bob's friends in one place at one time... that so few people showed up it was eerie... now normally we're talking an event that years ago... eight years ago started out with six or seven people and a couple of years ago we had three hundred and fifty...
 It wasn't this year, but the year before... '91. It had gotten to such tremendous proportions... now we keep the date secret, because we had three airplanes land on the drylake... people getting out... it was an event... and what really ended it that year was it got so out of hand there were hundreds of people I didn't know... and that didn't know me... and it was my event and where some drunk guy had come up to me that year and I was in the way of whatever he wanted to do and he had the gall to ask me who invited me... which I thought was great... and I said, well, that's it... and now we've purposely cut it down and try to keep it between fifty and a hundred people and people we know and are friends and we can all sit together and have a barbecue and go crazy and watch...
 In fact, while we're talking, I'll just let a tape run and you can see...
 ... something happened with the brothel and all that... of course all the TV hoopla had aired already and the prosecutor thought, this is great, because we're really going to discredit the guy and make him look like a lunatic... he believes in flying saucers and so on and so forth... so they convinced the judge to do a psychiatric report on me that he had intended to use against me... look this guy's a idiot and so on and so forth... so they had an independent group of people give me a psychological analysis and it backfired tremendously on them, because it came back... well, this is the original copy...
 Yeah... that's right.
 It's amazing because there's a lot of stuff that you really don't know about yourself until... like in response to authority... he shows tendency to get people to (UNCLEAR) and then resist them... which I always thought was funny, because when I first read that I thought that was ridiculous... but you know I actually caught myself doing that... getting everyone riled up and until they come back and say... okay, let's do it and... nah... I don't want to. I think that's really strange. It really does reveal some of your interesting quirks.
 You can take that with you...
 Yeah, that's fine. But don't make copies... I mean, that is kind of personal.
 ... I hated to sit down and (UNCLEAR)... I wanted to climb around and get dirty and, you know, hook wires together and do everything... from making up the refrigeration to the alignment to everything... so I was frequently just crawling around on top of everything...
 Well, the accelerator... they don't shut it off. Once they shut it off, things cool down and the alignment all goes to hell... so it's running and they have plugs at each of the exits... they call them beam (sp?) plugs... but before you fire it... you energize the big things like the super conducting magnets and things like that... and you get on the intercom -- Area B is where we were... and you essentially announce, Area B, standby for Hera (sp?)... Hera was the super conducting magnet we used to be energized...
 Hera... they named all of the magnets after women... I have no idea why.
 Because there were spectacular accidents that occurred with the magnets...
 I only saw little ones... the great ones I always missed. You know, those big gas cyclinders that weigh a lot... I imagine are a hundred and fifty pounds... they had outside of the area... again, a garage type door, a line marked where the field of the magnet extended and if you had a pocketknife... in your hand... it will pull it through your bones until it comes out the otherside... there's no if, ands, or buts... these were some of the most powerful magnets on earth and a guy... cause I came in one day and the target and everything we had set up... this delicate... months of work... obliterated... there's nothing there anymore... and a guy... the pushcart that carried the... or handtracks... that carried the cyclinders have a chain that goes around them... you lock off so the cyclinder can't fall out. This guy didn't have the chain on... and he walked in through the area and the cyclinder just lept... cause it was an aluminum cart so as to be non-magnetic... and he should have been carrying the cyclinder, but the cyclinder was steel and it lept and flew in the air like a torpedo and the magnet was donut shaped and in the center on the target the beam fired out and this thing just blasted through there and oscillated back and forth destroying everything... just hung up in the center and broke the edge of the magnet... a very spectacular thing... and I didn't get to see that. I saw little things like... from clear across the room... a nut fly near the speed of sound by my head and things like that... but nothing as spectacular as that.
 Ahh... two years... three years...
 No... I always went to school as I was working.
 No... not when I went to Los Alamos... I was... I had left California at Fairchild Electronics and I was going to CalTech in Pasadena there and so I left Fairchild... applied at Los Alamos.
 Do you mind if I eat in front of you?
 Where?
 Sure.
 The reason I found that out... was because of George Knapp... after I told him, that's when he went back and started investigating everything...
 Umm... hmm... the first thing was that... Los Alamos has no record of you ever being employed there... and I said, well, that's interesting... I went to school, Fairchild... even the previous address... there was nothing anywhere... he said, I can't verify anything... I said, well, that's not possible. He said I can't even verify that you lived in Los Alamos... and I said, now that's ridiculous... so I found an old phone book and said, see, that's me... and some friends that worked there and for Los Alamos...
 Yeah. What else disappeared?
 All of them... except for Pierce College... and I don't know why... Pierce College I was just at for a short time...
 Woodland Hills... California...
 Right after I left high school I went into Pierce cause I wasn't sure where I wanted to go...
 No... I think the high school records have suddenly reappeared... as have many other ones... Los Alamos, who denied everything continuously, even when George presented them with look at all the stuff, Bob worked here, and they said, well, maybe he worked for a sub-contractor or something... the people that originally denied all of that... have moved on at Los Alamos... and recently... now we're talking five years later... George again re-submitted all that and what I had said about Los Alamos... and my entire story... and George has this in writing from Los Alamos, they said, apparently everything Bob Lazar said is true, from what we can see here... so whatever records... whatever people were involved in that have now moved on and it didn't pass down... so... as far as... the Los Alamos thing is the thing that suprised me the most... because there were so many... that was so recent... there were so many people there.... how can they deny that I even lived in the town... it was ridiculous... it was really ridiculous...
 No, that I got... I can't remember exactly how that transpired... someone must have called me... because I didn't call them... I don't remember how that started... Gene will remember.
 Well, it was... however the conversation originally started... whoever was contacted... they were asking me about something and I said, well, I never got my W2 form and they said well, you should have contacted us before... and I didn't want to say, well, I didn't know who you guys were... what was going on... and I said... do you have a copy of it there... now, this is when everything... and he said, yeah, it's right in front of me and I said, well, can you send me a copy? And what that original W2 form was, I was told during the interview that the first check would be retro-active through the investigation period... which is all that first check was for... which was just the time the interviews and any other time I spent... that was not actual for any work time... and that was the only one he had on file in front of him... so, he went ahead...
 Yeah, so he went ahead and sent that to me... whoever that guy was.
 Check.
 No... EG&G had nothing to do with them... there were no EG&G personnel in that building... all Naval Intelligence did was use the planes and the building for rendezvous... EG&G personnel were not allowed out at S4...
 Department of Naval Intelligence... which started a big controversy, too, because supposedly there is no Department of Naval Intelligence... there's only an Office of Naval Intelligence... but strangely enough the guys on the model company... the Testor company... John Andrews... was real... cause they're military modelers and they have all the military connections... he became very interested in that and began to trace down that and actually found an address and a zip code in Washington that went to a Special Department of Naval Intelligence and that zip code matched the zip code on my W2 form... and that's how the model guys became interested... and there were other people that began to check IRS records. And, at that time, I was giving carte blanche to check everything... before everything got carried away and everyone decided to pry into my life... I gave people written authorizations to go through my IRS records and they would go up to 1986 and everything was blank after that... there was no contributions to anything... there were no deposits... there was no employment... no anything... the guy that did that was Bob Ekler (sp?) and still has the correspondence with the IRS... so on and so forth. 
 Yeah, actually the records now start with right after I kind of came back to the real world. There's just a big gap there. Also, at the same time, George Knapp was still investigating everything. So he filed countless freedom of information act requests... well, we know I worked at Los Alamos... had Q clearance... let's see some of the investigations... let's see anything... any of the files... so, to this day, they say there are no files on me and never have been, which is impossible... absolutely impossible to believe, so some well known occurrences that George knew of... that have been documented before... he'd seen other things about them... he also filed information requests on and they said they couldn't find any of that stuff either... so... someone was intentionally preventing information from reaching certain people and it was apparrently on a federal level... so... it was a really screwy time trying to track things down. It's not like anything re-appeared all at once, but just, I think the things just moved on... years later, after requesting the same things that had been requested almost literally tens of times prior, they said, here you go, what's the problem...
 A hundred and twenty-one...
 Two or three pages... very few were thick.
 There were no names...
 They were all a little darker than that... just navy blue paper folders... with no title and they start in the middle of nowhere... it looked like they were actually extracted from another report. And I even recall the first couple reports I pulled out... I wasn't sure if it was a mistake or not... they left pages out... till I started looking at other ones.
 It was basically dealing with the propulsion system... there was a definite progression. Because initially, I don't think initially, I can't remember because all those days, you know, have gone together... but I don't think initially there was even a mention of recovered craft... they just spoke strictly about the reactor or...
 We were developing... because it was just a very brief overview of what was going on... how gravity could be manipulated and the power levels involved and how the field...
 It all made sense to me... of course, in my mind, I thought, boy, have we come far from what... I thought I was on the cutting edge of science here... how could this have possibly gone on?
 Yeah. Actually the autopsy report we're talking about was two photographs with notations on the bottom... this is what I've called the autopsy report.
 Yeah. They were mostly weights and measures. One was an upper torso... of the creature...
 Yeah, on a table. And they had cut the chest open in a T fashion and peeled it back... and there was a separate inset on the photograph of... you know how fresh liver looks like it's liquid almost?
 There's one organ that apparently does everything and later... the other photograph... that organ itself was cut open and there were separate chambers... kind of a whole bunch of things were together. But I think they were essentially pulled out of some autopsy report or other report... just to show me what the creatures looked like themselves... so it wasn't a full body picture.
 No... that true.
 Yeah, I had already come in the door that time and looked into the spacecraft... yeah, because that occurred on the second day and there's no way I saw those reports on the second day.
 I know when I saw those photographs there was no doubt in my mind that we were dealing with alien technology... by that time I had already begun to realize what was going on...
 Yeah... 8x10 glossies with a white border around them...
 I didn't get an impression.
 Ahh... maybe he's talking about when I went into the craft for the first time.
 It was like... I don't know... I know I didn't say I felt like crying...
 Yeah, when I actually walked inside... like I said before, it's an ominous feeling, but I don't know how to describe it... there are no words in my vocabulary that I can explain this with...
 No... no... and there were other people in the craft, but I just blotted them out of my mind... it was such an eerie feeling... the feeling was that... it sounds stupid... the feeling was that I shouldn't be in there... that we shouldn't be in there... a feeling of trespassing... a feeling... because it felt so unbelievably alien... no pun intended, but there was nothing that seemed familiar at all... and whether... you can walk into a room and anything may seem familiar... where two walls go together... subconsciously... but everything, to the last detail, things that you might subconsciously see, such a tremendous amount of metal with no seams... with no right angles... the color... there is no color in there... everything is one color essentially... a giant stainless steel injection mold... everything seemed so absolutely unusual... kind of what makes hospitals seem so strange... because they're so different... white... empty... it's an unusual place... but a thousand times that... also, of course, in the back of your mind knowing what it is... you didn't fit right in there, because you have to hunch down... so you know it wasn't even made for people... and, in the back of your mind, you're wondering... now how was the thing acquired... and hopefully it was not with force... because somebody's going to come and get us back... all this going through your mind, but there was no excitement or exhilaration... because that's what everyone asked and everyone automatically assumed, but that feeling was absolutely not there whatsoever... it was when the craft lifted off the ground. And maybe I was more at ease about it... or the fact that I was just separated from it, but it was very disturbing and, I don't know, I was depressed... I can't... do you kind of see what I'm saying?
 Boy, I really wish I could relay that, but I can't.
 Actually, a little while... went inside and I looked around...
 Dennis...
 And... I think Barry stayed in the lab.
 No, that was for the test...
 The flight test. He wanted to show me, because we were going to be dealing with the amplifiers themselves... how they hung in the lower portion of the disc and there's a hexagonal shaped grid on the floor... that's kind of a crawl space... well, for them it's a crawl space... for me you could squeeze in there... and it was a tinsel (?) brilliant hole... you know you can buy a six pack of beer or soda pop... more specifically beer... actually take the bottles out and just the box... even if you push on opposite corners it goes completely flat... but it's strong the other way, obviously cause the cardboard is standing up... this was thin sheet metal... all made in hexagons... so it was a honeycomb and there was a hole cut out in the corner and you could walk on... cause it was incredibly strong that way... but with the slightest pressure, when you put your finger in the hole, it all collapsed flat and you could then enter the hole. And I thought, what a fantastic door... something so simple, but I had never seen or heard of it before... infinitely strong this way... but has no strength that way... and no hinges... nothing... just completely resistant all with some springy metal. Something that we could certainly duplicate, and I've always waited to see that pop up somewhere... that was going to be one of the clues to me that this information was leaking to the private sector... but I never did see that... cause I thought, that's the simplest thing... that'll pop up somewhere... but, anyway, that collapsed in and I was able to stick my head down and hang upside down and see how the amplifiers were positioned and... so however long that took.
 Right.
 Oh, that night... I kept... that's what really stuck in my mind... I kept replaying the event of mainly being in the craft itself, trying to remember... wondering why so much empty space... wondering what was on the upper level... just thinking how absolutely simple everything was and comparing it to systems that I'm familiar with... telephones looked more complicated than what was going on there... no buttons... no anything... tremendous amounts of power being generated, but there's no wiring... it was... it's a first approximation... do you know what that is in engineering?... 
 Yeah... it's the simplest cartoon drawing of how everything works and then the first approximation with all the technicalities to it... but it was a functioning first approximation... and it was just so simple... the way everything was laid out... that's really all I thought about... the other reports... I guess the technology had taken me so much because it was such an impression as compared to reading words... actually being there and facing it... that was what left an impression.
 No.
 No... that was one of those nights when I went for the drive... the big drive...
 I went up to Tonapa(sp?) and back the other way... so...
 Got back from where? From my drive?
 No... I got back fairly early... I'd say about nine... nine-thirty...
 I don't remember.
 No... and I did lay down for awhile... but was feeling just kind of too antsy and, just like I talked about in traffic, even though you can't do anything, you just want to progress somewhere... so maybe it was a way of releasing it... so I got in the car and just started driving up that way... I really don't know how far Tonapa is, but it's a long way...
 No... it's more than that... it's like four hours...
 Yeah...
 Yeah, I came back... well, it was time to go to work... I stayed up all night and I never became tired and I always get tired when I drove... but I guess the adrenalin kept me going...
 No... no, remember, I still had my other business running and I had told them up front, until I go on full time, I really can't cut that out.
 The processing. I had hired someone... Jim's girlfriend, Shelley, was taking over the business, solely to run it for me as I worked up there... so, I called her on odd days and say, I'm going to work tomorrow... so could you run the photo business... so on and so forth... since I knew I would not be working the next day... in that morning I'd be running photos.
 Yeah, something like that... again, that's on the calendar.
 When I went back, I was much more at ease with it and I was really excited because I had felt... I had the impression that... well, we went in to look around at that time, so maybe we were going to get to work in the craft. And, not so much in the lab, but we were going to actually be doing things in there and I was positive at one time that I was going to get to be in the thing when it was being flight tested, but that never occurred...
 No... never... no... I didn't want to seem too anxious.
 Ahh... I'm sure he did, though I can't recall specifically... I know Barry did on several occasions and...
 No.
 Well... it was off already... one of the amplifiers and the reactor... and from what I understood, the reactors were the same in all of the craft... which leads one to speculate did they all come from the same place... or someone was sub-contracting out reactors...
 It was actually fairly large... there was an area back further in the lab where that equipment was on... one of the amplifiers was laying on a table... the reactor was on a separate plate... 
 The amplifier form itself was about two feet in diameter and four feet long... the reactor was maybe eighteen inches...
 Right. That's where Barry showed me how the reactor operated and what it did when you put the field on it...
 Both.
 If there hadn't been, I would have put a lot less credit in the other reports that I read. That's my only connection with the reports to reality... so, if that hadn't occurred, I'd have been very skeptical of the rest of the stuff I'd been reading. Other than the fact that it was just so strange... as if you couldn't say that about everything, but you become very comfortable with technology very fast... and, I don't know if people do that with everything, maybe they do, but technology is just the thing that I can think of most off the top of my head... as soon as you... take the FAX for instance... technology might not exist... no one knows what they are... but now they're available to everyone and after you use them for just a short while, they're absolutely indispensable... how can you get along without them. They demystify very fast... no matter what the device is or how big the system is... even the craft, as I started getting into it, it was no longer the ship of a deity... it was this is almost attainable by us... yes, it's advanced, but I can already understand it and I can almost envision duplicating this one day.
 Guidance I know nothing about...
 I only assume that that's what was going on in the top part of the craft and that's what these windows... they aren't really windows... but I always assumed that they were sensor rays of some sort... that wherever the craft was that's how it got its lock on where it was... whether it matched up stars or whatever the thing was looking at, but I think that's where the sensor ray was from here up was everything to do with navigation.
 But I really don't know.
 It was fantastically advanced, but, once you basically understand what's going on... especially with the reactor, all these things... even today... you look at science fiction... Star Wars... death rays and laser guns and all that... the technology isn't that far away, the main thing in all of the exotic science fiction technology type weapons and things laid out... is power... it really is... that's the reason there's no hand-held ray guns... and things like that... because you don't have 10 megawatts available in the palm of your hand and there's absolutely no way to get it. It doesn't matter how inefficient the device is... as long as you have the power, you can overcome all of that. So that's why it all came back to the reactor... how you can have that much power there... after we kind of began to get a handle on how the reactor operated... oh, look, it's a cyclotron... in fact, it looks like one of the earlier cyclotrons made, which was a small thirteen inch, we assertained, essentially, what was in the bottom plate of that and here's the path off that comes up and reacts with the element... it's advanced, sure, it's nothing that small, nothing that powerful... but it's understandable... I guess it was kind of comforting that it was possible to... it's as if someone showed you a television set the size of the top of your thumb... no, we can't make it that small... but I understand how it works and eventually parts are going to get that small, so it's not amazing... it's a good job, but... it's not completely amazing... and it began to boil down to that level. Now, of course, I was concentrating on specific parts...
 Well, it only disassembled so far... there wasn't a whole lot we could take apart... but, yeah, what we could disassemble, we did. And, once you begin to understand the parts, it kind of gives you confidence in that... well, if we can understand this... we can do that... you could eventually see knowing what was going on... so it demystified it... but there was nothing to demystify everything else in the other reports... those were still a mystery and fantastic and there were still pictures of aliens that I'd yet to see... and reports on other aspects of the project that I didn't see... so that was still a mystery... so it began to divide.
 Yeah.
 That was when Barry was going to fire up the reactor... he kept it in a container... and took it out with a pair of tongs... it was triangular in shape and took the lid off the reactor and put the element... well, there's another cap that comes off, and put it in the little tower... replaced the cap and put the lid on and the reactor fired up. As soon as you put it (UNCLEAR), it fired up. And that was the first time I saw it. Course, he gave an explanation... this is how the thing runs... this is the fuel, as far as we know, and... they had much more fuel than that... whether it was in one of the craft or what, I don't know, but they had a lot more than was necessary to run the craft. They were very interested in possibly substituting something for that fuel. Not just finding out how that reactor worked... but duplicating it with earthly material. They wanted something simple... made out of stuff they had, essentially.
 Lazar
 Just general physics knowledge... just from being involved in nuclear weapons... look at the energy released in a nuclear bomb... I mean 99 percent of that energy... 100 percent of the energy released from an atomic explosion comes from 1 percent of the mass that we put in there... the rest of the mass is blown away and never gets into the reaction... so it's a very inefficient bomb... a lot of the energy is wasted in by products and other garbage that comes out of it... but here is... an anti-matter (?) reaction that's perfectly clean... perfectly efficient... a 100 percent efficient... imagine a device made utilizing that element... somehow... would release all the energy in it... would be millions of times more energy per given unit of matter than anything we've seen before... so it certainly presents a potential... excluding the crap... the alien... all the information... the fuel itself certainly has the potential to be converted into an awesome continent-destroying weapon.
 Yes.
 Now, I do wonder if that's something to put in the movie or not...
 At the time I had the accelerator set-up in this little lab I had... in fact I still have most of the pieces of it here... and I still have on tape that part of the expose where the camera, George is interviewing and we purposely put it in there, and it came in a very recognizable holder... and what I had done... in a large disc... and what I had done was scribe a target on it... and I had my accelerator set up and it was sitting in a holder at the end of the accelerator... almost as if to be a threat... and there was a few seconds shot of it on the news... there was nothing said... and all it was was just... this is where the missing 115 is... and it was... that was great to me. It was actually after that when Dennis called to have that meeting. As far as that entering the story anywhere... it entered there and then disappeared.
 Umm hmm. Yeah, he said to me... will you take a polygraph... I said sure. Interestingly... there were two polygraphs taken. The first one, George thought a lot of this was going to be criticized and he wanted to get a guy that no one could possibly say he would be in cahoots with... so he found this polygraph examiner that, I don't remember the story exactly, but used to always hit on his girlfriends... who he truly hated... so no one could really say... they could have ever worked together... the guy had been watching, unfortunately, all the reports on TV and the first thing he said to me, after hooking me up, now this is not a polygraph guy like you would think... very... didn't seem like an ex-cop or something like that... so the first thing he said to me, when I sat down, after he strapped me in, he said, you are my ticket to the Donahue Show. And I knew, this was not going well... because after that he said... well, the results look good, and stuff like that... and then he started mentioning things like that to me... like, if we could go on and do this on a national level.. I said, I am not going to... you are out of your mind. I said, we came down here because George said you'd be the guy... absolutely not... I'm not even talking in your favor as far as anything's concerned... you can just forget about it... so after that, the guy said, well, he could be relaying information that he heard from someone that he absolutely believes more than anything in the world... so on and so forth, so he told George... so I'm not standing up for anybody or anything... get the hell out of here. So George... and I told George what the guy said, and he said, all right... we're going to find some guy... and they did... they found an ex-cop from California... a number one polygraph guy and the guy he trained with is like the Polygraph Association President, whatever it is... that's in Arizona... so unlike the thirty-second talk I had with the guy, he sat down and had a two and a half hour quiz before that... and then an hour long polygraph... and then a multi-hour thing after that... which completely exhausted me... and his results were... you know, I absolutely was telling essentially what I believed was the truth... he then went and sent the results off to his superior, who also concurred, and that was the end of the polygraph thing.
 Tracy...
 She was never serious, I mean, she was always... said everything was a laugh... so you could never tell how serious she was. You know what I'm talking about... there are always people like that... She believed it... I have no doubt about that... but it wasn't... she never took a real serious look at anything... she was very much... but she was young... she was about nineteen years old... so I should find that tape of that particular day... from the two or three seconds you might get an idea...
 How she acts. 
 Yeah.
 Oh, way before.
 Before. But after the first time I went on with George. And, in us discussing it, well, why didn't all this work out and stuff like that... she did tell me that the UFO stuff did play a big part because of all the oppression and whatnot and what was going on with people around and not knowing what was going on and also fear... she really became afraid of everything.
 Yeah.
 Umm hmm. It's understandable to some point (?)....
 There was just far too much happening at one time... it was unbelievable...
 This is bringing back little memories that I never remember now... shortly... right before that time, we had gone to a marriage counselor that we saw, I think, a total of two times. We went the first time and started explaining this and he said, boy, you guys have a lot of problems, but we never told him about the UFO stuff and, it was like the last good laugh we had together, the second time we went we kind of unloaded on him and said this is everything that's going on and he sat there and disgested it and he said, these people are after you... and flying saucers... and you're seeing another guy... and he said, I really don't think you guys should come back again. And we laughed all the way home about that... and that was great... that was really great... to have a counselor tell you to get out...
 But I interrupted you...
 I can't remember his name, but that was something...
 This is the... this is probably a Desert Blast tape.
 They are... but they're genuinely confused because I'm not trying to compete with them for books, or movies... or not movies... they never did see any financial reason to do it. I hate publicity and going on TV or being interviewed more than anything. So they didn't see any motive to become a star... and what has always driven them crazy is because they haven't been able to pin down anything and say, well, ahh hah. That's what he's after. Though they went after some strange things... but most of it was that I wouldn't... the big organization MUFON, which considers themselves the UFO clearing house, if someone has a sighting... they should be told and they will determine whether this is true or false.
 The Mutual UFO Network... and they have members all over the world now. Now, I grouped all the UFO people as crazy... and I wouldn't talk to them or give them an interview and a lot of their original dissention was because they basically didn't have the whole story and I wasn't about to tell them and they... as the psychological report says, I respond to authority by resisting it... and that is absolutely so true and if they just wouldn't have started off on the wrong foot... they came in as, more along the lines of, we demand the following information from you. And, of course, my response is... you're not getting any information ever, period. In fact, that's it. So, they had to assume lots of things and that's why they originally came up with... things we did have proof for... they said, that's impossible for him to have done this because... but, so a lot of it was due to the fact that they really didn't have much information and, as the story got around and was repeated and retold, and every... whether it's in a book, or a TV show or something... wherever the story is retold... there is consistantly always two or three things that are completely wrong in it. And with that... they occasionally say, ah ha!... the story's changing or things they still don't have information about... but mainly it's because they just don't have the entire story. No one has really sat down with them and got into the fine points of everything.
 I'll just move ahead. 
 Yeah.
 Mainly it was because they didn't have much information. And they would concentrate on different little aspects of the story that they couldn't confirm or were frustrated with and (VIDEO TAPE PLAYS IN B.G.)
 Right, businesses are running fine.
 Making probes... doing the photo business and basically I was looking for something to do to give Tracy... so we could have two incomes... and Tracy would be working the photos and I would go off full time and work somewhere else and get something a little more mentally stimulating. 
 Right.
 No, he works at the lab... explosives.
 In fact I just found that day when he was on...
 Whatever it was.
 Maybe? August isn't on here.
 You can't believe the stuff this guy was saying...
 And John is familiar with this... but you're speaking of the stuff that is half-way reasonable...
 I couldn't remember...
 The remote control...
 He's a unique guy.
 No, Teller calls all the way down here. No, no this is me dropping the resume off. I dropped it off on the 25th of October. And like I said, there was going to be a place where I sent out resumes... they probably all went out around this day.
 No, I brought them everywhere. EG&G was here... so I hand delivered it there. But there was nothing special about it.
 Ahh, that they mainly dealt with high speed measurement is all I knew EG&G did... and that's how the company was started really... was just photographing high speed events. And, working at the test site, I thought they were just involved with high speed data recovery from nuclear devices... and I said, well, that's acceptable... I'll work there.
 Like I said, this is even going to confuse me.
 Now we're in November. There's another random John Lehr down. That's another one.
 November... the beginning of November.
 Carol's birthday... oh, my sister... okay.
 See, I wonder if I'm screwing myself up here with my own...
 Linda Howe... I didn't know about Linda Howe for... on the 17th of November...
 Oh, move into large bedroom...
 Okay, Teller called the 29th.
 It was a short call. He recalled our meeting in Los Alamos and basically said, there might be someone who might be interested in you and...
 Yes.
 'Cause Gene was around at that time...
 Right. This is great.
 That's better than I remembered it... yet it happened to me.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I called him right away and that's why a couple of days later on... December 1, Thursday, I already had an interview.
 I don't remember the guy's name... he wasn't a player.
 Yeah.
 Yes. Teller had already spoken to him.
 No, I called EG&G because that's where the phone rang and that's where we met... but they talked so lowly about the EG&G people and personnel... I have a hard time believing that anyone had anything to do with EG&G.
 Right.
 That's right.
 Right. But we might have something in the near future. Which was probably a day or two after. Okay, I went out... that's where the other interview was... now why that's not written down, I don't know. Unless something is written here, which is scribbled out... cause that's about where it should have happened. It was about a day after.
 Right. And that's when the big interview was... wait, that's a Saturday... that's impossible.
 It might have been Monday the 5th... and the only reason it's not written down is cause we thought Tracy was pregnant that day... That's a PRG=1.
 Then there's doctor stuff, so... and the day doesn't seem to start till three o'clock, so that makes sense to me.
 Yeah... that's exactly the way everything operated there... just like with the phone calls.
 The following day the 6th was another short interview... meeting people and then finally going up there.
 That doesn't make sense. This is the day that I went there. I remember writing "Trip to Nowhere" on there.
 Yeah, this is the first trip to Area 51.
 Here.
 Here.
 Yeah, I know... that's when the resume...
 See, I don't know.
 It was always the day before Teller called, though.
 Well, obviously this is the day I went up... this was the day of the first interview... the second interview was somewhere in there...
 Right.
 Right before two o'clock.
 Right. I had no idea at all.
 Just went there...
 Well, no, that was what part of the time was at EG&G... they said your job's going to take place mainly at a remote area up within the confines of a test site... you'll go up there and we'll show you around... it didn't seem like anything unusual to me.
 Yeah, there was no... Dennis came with me. That was the first meeting...
 Right.
 Right.
 Right. Aside from the big interview... that was the first time I went anywhere with Dennis. People visiting... Tracy's not pregnant. 
 Boy, that's odd.
 Black and white Groom Lake photo done. I think this is when I blew up a photo of Groom Lake to see...
 Right... I had just gotten back from there about a week ago...
 If it had changed...
 Right.
 Where did that come from?
 No...
 I was trying to look for the building that I went in...
 I couldn't tell. It was just too big.
 No... there's like a little electric... not a golf cart thing... but one that seats several people... like a tour bus type of thing... but all open and that just takes you from the strip to the last couple of buildings on the end...
 No, they all pile on that and you go into this big cafeteria type area...
 Yeah... there were machines, but there's also a buffet type thing.
 The Alpha Probe Contract was renewed on the 20th. Tracy's dad visits on the 23rd... her sister comes in on the 26th... Robin... this is when, now that I have my job, I'm training Wayne's wife, 'cause Tracy decided she no longer wanted to do photos... training Wayne's wife how to do photos... so... 
 Within the 26th through the 30th is when Thigpen showed up. Cause Robin was here and so was Kris... Robin and Kris were here the day Thigpen showed up... so within those five days is when Thigpen showed up and before this... somewhere... was another surprise visit from those guys that was never recorded.
 Right.
 Yeah, George Knapp managed to track them down...
 I never knew that.
 I'm already calling you GUFON, here... and right up there, you're Gene... so... 
 Yeah... I told them the GUFON...
 So before this... before January 1st is when they came in with the transcript to the door... with a conversation between Gene and I and had outlined various things we were talking about... I thought that happened much further on... but it must have happened...
 Huh?
 What's screwing me up is I purposely wrote stuff out of order on here...
 But it's not suppose to backfire on me...
 Right... oh, right.
 I forgot all about that.
 It was almost an identical situation that happened to Gene and again they came in and, at that time, now Jim and I are talking cause he's working up at Tonapa... that's a secure area... and I'm working where I am... and we say very little on the phone, because Jim is working on his clearance and I really don't remember how the conversation got started, but it was, again, I think it was the use of a nickname, right...
 That got it started and I never did call him Jim during the conversation and that brought them right over to the house afterwards.
 Yeah.
 Right... who's the guy, Slim, I think is what was said...
 Boy, yeah, that makes a lot of sense...
 I have no idea how it started... this is years ago... because Jim and I have known each other for a long time, but, when Jim called... or if I called there and Vicky answered the phone... instead of saying, hi, hello... he always makes a bird chirp noise and I do the same thing.
 Oh, I know exactly what it was... we did something like that and said something like... what's up Slim... and then it was... nothing I can talk about on the phone... remember that? And he said, okay, I'll see you later. So, they came over right away thinking that this was a plan to set up a meeting between us two and exchange information in person.
 No, no... I've gone there twice... 
 Yeah, now I was already at S4 when...
 No... S4 once... Groom Lake once.
 And I went before Christmas. So before the 23rd...
 Yes, before the 23rd is the second trip there and I don't know where that occurred.
 The fellows with the transcript came over after Thigpen... that's why this would make a lot more sense if this was Jim... this calendar's doing exactly the opposite of what it's suppose to... 
 Right... whatever it is it's effective... anyway, you know about those events and they did occur and they occurred after January 1st.
 Okay... hold on... no... cause this is the day... 
 Okay, no, that's right... that's right... and this is the day that they had done the allergen test up here...
 Well, I'm saying before that date... I went on the second trip to S4... where I drank the pine fluid and here it is the 7th when I said there was lots of blood in my urine and I collapsed... and so on and so forth... and on the following Monday I went to the doctor.
 That looks like a trip to Los Alamos on the 12th of January.
 Yeah. 
 Leaving the next day. Buy the first 6" shell on Sunday. 
 Work at 4pm -- here's another trip.
 Right. Now Lear is written at the top here and I don't know why -- looks like it was written in after the date was written, but I can't be sure. 
 Oh, yeah, all of them were.
 Unfortunately, they're not all going to be listed here... and
 At this point, yes, probably so.
 Yes, because we had one... this is probably the first time I saw it.
 Right. Sitting outside... because this would have been the third trip there... and I remember the third trip was when I came in the side entrance.
 Coming in the hangar door instead of going around the back into the office entrance...
 Umm... 
 Right.
 Another Los Alamos trip on the 19th... stayed at my friend Joe's out there.
 Yeah... I think... no... he knew I had a new job... and I was still just being secretive about everything.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah, I know what's going on now.
 And, in fact, when I get back from Los Alamos on the 24th... I go out again...
 Right. 
 No... it's "go to work" here... "go to work" back here... my birthday's on the 26th...
 Went out with GUFON and his wife to Alpine Village... a Swedish restaurant... that was the first time I ate rabbit, I think.
 No, rabbit.
 Tracy's sister comes out.
 Kris...
 Right.
 Who knows.
 I don't know. By the way, just a side question here, don't they, if they're... I imagine Tracy's got to be part of the screenplay in some respect...
 Well, that's what I was wondering was if they're going to be represented in a movie, don't you need their permission? Because the last time Guber Peters asked her... she said no.
 Well, however, that's going to be... it's going to be difficult to get her permission for anything.
 Los Alamos.
 In a friend's house, yeah.
 Yeah, I was shocked... that's the most shocking thing...
 That's certainly nothing I would have purposely put somewhere else... that's really strange. I wonder what prompted me to do that?
 Oh, I'd done it for years... I got in that habit all the way back... I've got... I think I've got fifteen years of calendars... it's just total, complete habit... I can't not do it... it's cause I've got such a terrible memory, it's the only thing were I can... and it saved me a lot of times... on different things... when did I get insurance and so on and so forth... there's always been one up somewhere. So, it's habit, I guess.
 Yeah, I was just looking for something that might look... There's nothing in February... well, I went to work in there somewhere. Where I don't know... I don't see anything...
 No, not always... there should have been a couple of trips during that month.
 Umm hmm. 
 Okay... 
 March 22nd I have written down -- "go to there"... now, I have a feeling that that wasn't a trip to work. Because on the...
 Jim, GUFON and Jackie go fishing...
 Right. So "go to there"...
 "Go fishing" is the code meaning...
 When I knew the test schedule...
 Oh, yeah, it is a Wednesday... and this is a Wednesday, too... good point... so these are two dates when we're out spying...
 Wednesday the 22nd of March and Wednesday the 29th of March. Now the 22nd of March must've been the first time that we ever went.
 That's right.
 Did you tell Mary when you got home?
 That was seven days afterwards.
 That's right. That's exactly right.
 It was Jim, also.
 Yeah, but he came down sporadically...
 Right. So it was me, Gene, Jim and Tracy. Right? I have to check it with you. No, no, no... that was the second time... the first night was...
 I know you and I were there... it must have been Lear, because we had the telescope...
 Okay.
 Okay.
 I remember...
 And, as we're coming up the mountain, which goes down... now the thing is going to take off... I forget at what time... 9
 Actually that heart attack story I thought came from Dennis... but it didn't... now I remember where the origin of that story was...
 No, dirt road.
 While you're talking, let me just try and find "The Day After" on tape...
 He was excited...
 It was more like... "I told you."
 No, I wasn't... because I thought I'd let them see what was going on.
 We really hated him...
 Thirteen, I would guess.
 Which was on...
 No, wait... March...
 No, no, no, wait... wasn't that Kristin...
 He remembers better than I do...
 He did that...
 Yeah, this is the whole thing... I even have the tape of us in the car, joking around.
 Probably, yeah.
 Jim always drinks beer.
 Oh, look, this is April 5th.
 Okay, that's the car that she rented then.
 I had the two days blended together.
 No, this is the third night... Well, you can finish the second night and when the third night comes up, we've got the tape.
 Right.
 No, he never did get his clearance...
 But he was working on it...
 Yeah.
 I don't remember. I actually remember very little about that night. Other than just the major events.
 That was the 29th.
 Kris comes to town on the 4th. Oh here it is...
 "Bad day at Groom" is what's written on the 5th. So that's the day we got caught. And here it is...
 Debriefing on the 6th.
 This is Kris driving. There's John Lear. No, you didn't want John to come.
 Didn't he just show up in front of the house?
 There's everyone there... that's Tracy there...
 Tracy's standing on the center line saying, here comes a car. We're trying to decide on the best vantage point.
 Yeah, this is the highway, we haven't taken the road down there yet.
 Special Forces or something.
 Right. We were waiting for them to disappear.
 No... that was the story... that was the story we had talked about on the phone. If anyone asks, I got out at the... that was the stop sign story...
 No, we stopped by slamming into park... but we forgot that when we opened the door the dome light goes on...
 Yeah, cause when the dome light came on...
 We actually drove up the road a bit and saw that they were already up in front of us...
 I never saw that.
 Oh, really... this is the first I heard of that.
 It's a crime actually to sketch the mountain range...
 Wait, you're leaving out a good part of the story... about me and you joking around...
 Yeah.
 Well, we didn't know they were right there...
 Yeah.
 At that time it was the Rachel Bar and Grill.
 What? I don't remember any of that... I thought we...
 Okay, I thought he was there when we got up to the road...
 Well, she was going to legal school at the time and was really up on it...
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, don't forget... you did leave out a couple points... one was... that had nothing to do with anything, was right before he said I've detained you for so long and I'm going to let you go, I was trying to interrupt him talking to that other cop to tell him we did have a gun in the car...
 Well, they were going to tow the car... and the tow truck came out...
 Indian Springs.
 Right and then we drove to Indian Springs in my car. 
 I really had never been up to Indian Springs before that. It's not boarded up... it's there, but just deserted.
 But it's a big area...
 It's not like multitudes of buildings or anything.
 Yeah. And it says, "Auxiliary Air Force Base", or something.
 No, he stopped us and Dennis said something and the guy checked a list and we went in. So that was all the priliminary stuff... Dennis knew right where to go. He told me to go up to this building... we walked inside and it was a small office with... I don't know how many guys were there... I know eventually the guards came down... but I think it was me and Dennis riding up in the car... the guy that was there and someone else.
 Right. People I'd never seen before.
 No... definitely never saw them again. I might have seen them before... I don't think so.
 I know I told him about what had happened.
 It was just quiet.
 No, I don't remember that.
 Right.
 Whatever... it was late... it was a late... we left late and... I got back and it was dark, so...
 Yeah.
 I must have, if I told you about everything else.
 No, that was the first I heard...
 No, that's when I came back and told Tracy they told me... and so purposely made the call...
 I was trying to show them an end to... to show them that everyone knew what was going on and it's over... I was trying to display an end... I even think her mom knew about it... I'm not sure about that... but she purposely made a phone call to her mom in Minnesota, telling her I told Bob about how everything happened, he knows about everything, and so on and so forth... I don't remember how that ended or...
 Beats the hell out of me... I remember doing that... but I can't...
 See now the story doesn't fit together right... something... I'm getting something wrong... I remember, I made Tracy make that phone call to tell her Mom cause I knew they were listening and, for some reason, I was... okay, well go ahead...
 Why wouldn't I remember this? This is a significant point.
 Well, it's easy to find out, because...
 No, I still wasn't sure...
 No, I actually thought that I was still coming back, because they really never did do anything... and, in fact, later on down the road, they asked me to come back... I refused then, but... no one said, that's it... we want nothing to do with you anymore... or anything along those lines. At one point, they said... emotional instability and something about six months... you remember anything about that... reapply in six months?
 No, that's why I'm questioning... was that on Indian Springs night? 
 Right...
 See, they had to have told me first because, here's the debriefing on the 6th... on the...
 is "life equals zero".
 Right... so that is the way.
 I think that's because when Tracy told me about everything about the affair... 
 Right.
 Right...
 I don't like hearing about it either.
 You know, I even had a feeling that what I read was not true... 
 But the hell with that... it doesn't matter... 'cause after the 10th nothing really mattered.
 I... it's a blur... I really don't remember.
 No... they didn't give me it. They never gave me any transcripts.
 Oh, counselor... Dr. John... two days after.
 Tracy. And then a trip to Los Alamos. See I'm in a bad mood already...
 Yeah, I know...
 Exactly what happened next? Okay, here's his last name... LaClose?
 Yes... that he fired us.
 Ahh...
 Well, cause he's trying to lay out... well, what's all the stress you guys keep talking about? And I said, well, we have a lot of external stress and other things influencing our life... he said, well, I can't iron things out... now this is over several visits... he said, I really can't iron things out... why don't we lay everything out on the table... and then Tracy and I now are playing off of each other and we're laughing... saying... we keep beating around the bush and we finally say... okay, this is it. And we lay everything out... and I remember him sitting there with a pencil in his mouth and he keeps taking it out and tapping it and then he goes over a recap of what we've just told him and it sounds...
 He said... and it sounds just as ridiculous to us... so, you were working on alien flying saucers for the government...
 And I can't remember how it was stated... and now that you're not working there... they might be after you to kill you or your wife because you went and showed your friends and your phone is tapped... everything you do is being monitored... so on and so forth... and at the end... we said, yeah, that's about it... and he just told us... look, I don't think I'm going to be able to see you guys anymore... so... that's it and we left and...
 Right. And then we had a great laugh coming back. That was... if anything that actually did help, because we talked about that for days. Okay, that was here, so we went the first time to the counselor... everything happened on the 10th... the 12th we went to the counselor... then we went again on the 18th and the 25th is when we got fired.
 Well... Tracy and I are still living together... and still working together... so... she goes to Los Alamos and I'm here... huh? Well... Dr. John at 6 p.m.... maybe that was the last day.
 So... that, I guess, is the last day. But this is a surprising entry on June 1st... it says... told Trac secret... what secret could that possibly be? Obviously, she knew about all the flying saucer stuff. What was left that I could probably... is it something that's going to depress me?
 Oh, oh, oh... maybe that's it. Yeah, cause we were caught...
 Right... you kind of have the story wierd... that happened with Mario, twice, and with Shelley I went to work out with her and her car was in the driveway... when we came back to the house, her car was open... all the seats were back... everything was gone through, but nothing was taken.
 Oh, yeah...
 This is after April 7th...
 Yeah.
 Right. Right.
 And just to update us, right here... it says "Dr. John drops us" on the 20th of June... so, I guess there were a lot more visits than I had imagined to him... but that's when that event actually does happen.
 It was a big check... I remember that... I don't remember what the...
 Yeah...
 To do the interview with George? To do the satellite link-up with George.
 Oh, really?
 This is such a blur to me...
 Right...
 She was going to buy their horse...
 That's right...
 I believe that was on June 21st. 
 Yeah, I think... didn't I? Didn't that happen the same day?
 It was only four years ago...
 Yeah.
 Where was I going then?
 When I got shot... 
 I know... but that is not the normal trip back... there was something specific that was happening just that day.
 Right.
 That's right.
 Unless I was going to meet you guys back here?
 'Cause that's the way I would've gone.
 Right.
 I don't think anyone did... I think the only person that did was...
 Yeah, whatever date that was.
 No.
 Oh, boy...
 That's when I was still going there... so we're talking a time frame... this is back, right after the Russians left.
 Oh... what's here... called about guns? Called about guns. It is on here.
 January 23rd.
 And go to work is the next day.
 Well, supposedly, what I was told was after the incident with the Russians, when we made some sort of discovery and kicked them out of the program, they weren't very happy about it... now, this is all just what I was being told...
 Right. And I was told shortly after that, probably on that day, that one of the twenty-two that worked on the project up there was now missing. And what they were doing was issuing sidearms to all the people that were working up there... I was to get a gun. And it was... I'm trying to remember how they said it... it was just something I could carry from the airport and home and it could never go on the plane, it always had to stay at the EG&G building and come home with me. The following day was on the 24th is when I went to work and I think that's when they gave me... I don't know what they gave me... they gave me a little gun and I said, well, I have a gun... ahh... no, they gave me a gun and they said if I lost it...
 Right...
 Right.
 Right. And I said, I have a gun can I just carry that? And forget about this thing... so, that was agreed upon and they said as long as the thing's registered... well, I never register anything... so I had to go down and get the gun registered and with a permit to carry.
 Right... so I went with Dennis to the police station and the sub-station down on Eastern...
 Because... coincidentally we have one of the cops tracing down the paper work now...
 It's the 24th, 25th...
 Right.
 Right. So he had told him...
 Right... that's exactly right.
 Right. Just as long as it stayed in the car.
 Oh, in the hotel.
 This was even after...
 I don't know if I'm right... I think it was after George's big expose... UFO...
 Okay, then it wasn't. It was definitely after I was on.
 Right outside in your cars...
 I said how about something on my side of town.
 Before I saw Dennis...
 Yeah.
 Right.
 It was truly like a "Twlight Zone" episode...
 No, that was it. It was almost like something big was going to happen and it all diffused in front of our eyes. 
 Well, whatever the initial intention was... that's how everything happened.
 We kind of left off at... "Told Tracy the secret"... who knows what that was. 
 No, June... June... seems like the shooting incident took place on the 21st.
 That's what it seems like. Right now.
 The only reason I say that is because it says 280 Z dies. I dont know...
 Okay... it's certainly possible. 
 "Desert Blast" is on July 1st...
 Yeah, I'm positive I got shot at before. I know I got shot at before.
 Right, I'm positive it was before... I just don't know the dates.
 He did... I mean, you did, didn't you?
 I know it...
 John Lear I think was the first contact to George.
 I don't know how he got in touch with me? I know it started out...
 It was like a satellite...
 We started shooting practice...
 Shortly thereafter, yeah.
 Yeah... everything happens at the drylake bed.
 I want to see if I can find the calendar after this...
 Do you remember the fight in the editing room with George's boss?
 By the way, if I can insert something there... November 11th is when that special started... my segment aired on Friday the 10th.
 No...
 It was a great program.
 Polygraph... I saw both of them right here.
 The first polygraph was October 10th... that was with the guy that wanted to be on "Donahue"... and the second one was on October 17th. Look at this... it says "evidence" on the... a good reason to...
 It says "they took this as evidence". This was during the...
 Yeah. The brothel.
 I guess it starts here... Friday the 13th.
 Yeah. That's an amazing coincidence. It says "raid" and it says "calendar gone" the next day, cause I had to fill this stuff in afterwards. And that was the best fireworks show ever, for some reason.
 Well, you can tell him... I was under hypnosis...
 I was trying to remember exactly... the exact wording...
 And redraw some of the schematics and other things that I had...
 Yeah, I did recall a lot more specifically... as far as... I drew exact layouts of how things were... and I got the days separated... at least back then... wherever those dates are now. And I tried to remember exact wording in the briefings...
 Yeah... exactly how... I wanted all the physics down without any errors and it was a lot for me to remember, but specifically how the decay went with 115... just some of the specifics...
 Yeah.
 No, I'm just saying... go ahead... you started it...
 I mentioned that to you before.
 No, I laughed and gave you a look because you say externally corrected evolution and it flows off your tongue like a common thing.
 Right. So, basically, the only thing we got from Lane was just remembering things more specifically... mainly the physics and you need everything verbatim that way... cause, as you well know, one or two characters out of place or something and everything goes down the tubes. So that did help to some degree... we took notes and...
 So that's really all that happened with Lane and then really kind of everything wound down from then. Until the brothel thing happened.
 Not there. 
 Castillio or something like that...
 Alberquerque...
 After that... after all that stuff happened, there was a big movement of stuff to New Mexico, including the Stealth planes... it seemed as though there was just a blitz...
 But from what we've heard, anyway, and DiaMatto, who supposedly took a flight around there... and Congressman Bilbrae (?) helped try and get my records from the FBI, you know, wrote letters back and forth, because he didn't accept the answers that they were giving either... so supposedly they did take a flight around there and then there's apparently nothing left of the area... if they did take them to the right place.
 Just recently...
 Just recently... and, though the roads and what not still remained, but they all just deadend and disappear now...
 I've never heard this...
 Well, first of all, if what was going on there, when I was there, was still going on... a bi-budget (?) investigator and a congressman are not going to fly over Papoose Lake bed... that's not going to happen... that's absolutely impossible... so, I think things were moved way before '93 and, in fact, Jim, who worked at the Tonapa, before he left, already saw... he saw himself designation areas as S4 between the S4 that I worked at but at Tonapa... and construction and what not going on... so, wherever it had moved, I'm convinced it moved... and I think they were more than happy to bring people in to show them what was going on... it was just to take the heat off...
 See, there's nothing...
 But there's a road... you can drive three 18 wheelers on side by side... but there's nothing there...
 Yes.
 Well, when you said that I just tuned out... because I remember the thing... the CIA guy that Andrews talked to or something in Washington... remember... and they started talking about Papoose... do you remember the rest of the story?
 'Cause I don't either... it was along the same lines...
 That was his surprise visit.
 He came out to surprise everyone... this was the first visit by any civilian, essentially, out there... so he came up and he said, okay, I want to go up to S4 and they said... we can't... it's white-out conditions... we can't take you up there... so he had to wind up going back to Washington.
 Yeah.
 Anybody hungry?
 You feel like getting something to eat?
 Well, that's kind of sad... that is... but... ah...
 No, how many aliens are living in the mountains that lie along side of the road? And we think he's joking. But he's serious. And I said, no, John, how many. I'd say it was a billion, but...
 There's a billion in there. In these mountains alone. 
 And he got so pissed off... he really believed...
 It was great... it was absolutely great.
 Yeah.
 That's a John Lear story.
 From his mom...